MIT Business School | Business School Hub | Stacy Blackman Free Advising Session Work With Us The All-In Package We’re turning No's into Yes's by teaching you how to build the type of application that competitive MBA programs want to receive. Learn how to remodel short-comings into strong points, write compelling essays, strategize for admission tests, ace interviews, and be the strongest applicant you can be. Learn More About All-In Package The All-in Package Build the most competitive application possible. Hourly Services Target a specific piece of your MBA application. A La Carte Services Test Prep SBC Flight Test &trade; For College Students For Social Impact MBA PreCheck MBA Plan Ahead Editing Services Financial Aid Advisory Interview Prep MBA Interview Prep HBS Interview Prep Wharton Group Interview Prep Meet the Team About SBC Our Current Rankings Poets&amp;Quants # 1 out of eleven firms Beat the GMAT Clear Admit MBA Insight GMATClub View Our Rankings Introduction About SBC About Stacy Blackman MBA Case Studies Contact Information Reputation See How We Rank Thousands of Reviews Press Frequently Asked Questions Find out if we can get you into your dream school and why you should hire us. MBA Resources Download FREE Guide Developing a personal brand is critical to your b-school application strategy. Request this free branding guide, valued at $29.99, and let SBC help you figure out the steps that follow. You must have javascript enabled to submit the form. Download Your Free Guide. Hot Topics MBA Sample Essays MBA Application Deadlines Smackdowns: MBA Program Intel MBA Application Cheat Sheet Pre-MBA Math Classes MBA in Europe Value of MBA MBA Rankings Watch &amp; Listen B-Schooled Podcast SBC YouTube Channel Subscribe SBC Newsletter Strategy Guides "What the AdComm Wants" Guides GMAT Math Cheat Sheet Interview Guides Application Basics 21-day Project Guides Blog View Our Top 10 Blog Posts We hope this roundup of 10 most visited blog posts serves as a helpful jumping-off point as you begin to prepare for your MBA application journey. Blog Recent Posts Smackdowns: MBA Program Intel Post-MBA Careers MBA Essay Questions MBA Essay Tips GMAT and GRE For EMBA Applicants For College Students Diversity Scholarship Opportunities Top 10 Blog Posts The Eternal Question How to Get Into Harvard Business School That's the first question that the majority of our perspective clients ask. We have several former HBS Admission Officers on our SBC consulting team, so we decided to gather HBS admit data across our client pool to define themes and strategies that can help future MBA applicants. Free Advising Session We can improve your MBA profile and boost your candidacy. Gain insight into the review process and eliminate weaknesses from your MBA application. --> Note: You must have javascript enabled to submit the form. Schedule Your Free Advising Session The Sloan School of Management at MIT Program Overview The Sloan School of Management at MIT aims “to develop principled, innovative leaders who improve the world and to generate ideas that advance management practice.” Administrators strive to achieve this by offering cutting-edge classes and services, recruiting renowned faculty, and fostering collaborative and educational initiatives that engage students, alumni, and business partners. Drawing from the MIT culture at large, Sloan is a highly academic school that prides itself on parlaying theory into practical application. It is a school for those who enjoy strong academics integrated with hands-on experience. Being among MIT’s world-renowned science and engineering programs helps to bolster the school&#8217;s intellectual culture. The rigorous coursework relies heavily on a case-method approach, complemented by lectures and team projects. Many students find the first year’s “core” semester to be the most challenging. Despite (or perhaps because of) the program&#8217;s intensity, students find numerous opportunities to socialize and bond outside of class. The school hosts weekly functions with various themes to encourage mixing and relationship-building. MIT’s hands-on approach is the perfect environment for creating revolutionary inventions, which is what the Entrepreneurship Center encourages. The Center helps students define and develop their ideas and hosts a $ 100,000 competition each year for the best new business plan. The MIT Sloan School of Management ranked #5 in US News &amp; World Report &#8216;s 2025-2026 Best Business Schools ranking. MIT Sloan&#8217;s acceptance rate is 14%. We asked the former MIT admissions officer on the Stacy Blackman Consulting team to profile what MIT Sloan seeks: MIT Sloan seeks applicants who can navigate problems of progressive complexity, ability to adapt to ambiguous situations, independence of thought, humility and consideration for others. MIT Sloan looks for the exceptional in arenas such as academic, professional, civic, good citizens, great attitudes. I always sensed a special something, a spark, in the candidates I recommended for admission that set them apart: it’s a sense of self not everyone has. Contact us for an assessment of your MIT Sloan MBA candidacy today. Admissions Stats Here is a snapshot of how MIT Sloan differs from UC Berkeley&#8217;s Haas School of Business . Class of 2026 Admission Stats MIT Sloan Berkeley Median GMAT/GMAT Focus 730 730/660 GMAT Range* 690-760 690-750 Average GPA 3.7 3.65 Selectivity * 14% 25.3% Yield * 50% 38% Enrollment Stats MIT Sloan Berkeley Class of 2026 MBA Enrollment 433 295 Women 49% 42% International 50% 38% Underrepresented Minority* 15% 29% *Estimated, as a percentage of US citizens and permanent residents. Application Essays, Tips &amp; Candidate Evaluation MIT Sloan currently requires all applicants to submit a cover letter, organizational chart, and video essay with their application. The MIT Sloan cover letter format has been used for many years to select candidates for admission. In some ways, this structure reflects MIT Sloan’s goal to admit candidates with practical (though innovative) ideas and experience. Additionally, the cover letter is an opportunity to highlight your key accomplishments and demonstrate how they align with the admission criteria outlined. Those criteria are: independent, authentic, and fearlessly creative — true doers. For the short video in which the applicant is asked to introduce themselves, the areas evaluated include presence, passions, and interests. The former Sloan admissions official who now consults with MBA candidates for the Stacy Blackman Consulting team advises, “The video should give MIT Sloan Admissions a clear picture of who they are as a person, their personality, personal presence, and what really makes them tick. MIT Sloan Admissions is asking themselves: Is this person ready to be put in front of recruiters? Will they represent the brand well? Is this someone we want on our teams? Be your best self, bring some energy to it, show your enthusiasm.” MIT Sloan conducts a traditional interview, but it is primarily behavioral, with questions that may include how to handle conflict, how to challenge management, and how to become a leader in challenging circumstances. All who are invited for an interview by MIT Sloan are required to submit two additional essays 24 hours prior to their scheduled interview. Get Insider Tips from a Former MIT Sloan AdCom SBC consultant DeeDee, formerly the assistant director of admissions at MIT Sloan, shares insider intel about the school’s ethos, admissions process, and student life. Sample MIT Sloan Cover Letters Winning essays from our successful admits are new on the SBC site and can be found here: Sample MIT Sloan cover letters More MIT Sloan Application Tips MIT Sloan and Berkeley Haas are on opposite sides of the country. Yet, there are similarities between them that we evaluate here, along with admissions insights. Which MBA: MIT vs. Berkeley Haas View more advice here . MIT Sloan Class of 2026 Key Statistics Applicants: 6,125 Entering Full-Time MBA Students: 433 Median GMAT: 730 GRE Verbal Range (Middle 80%): 157-168 GRE Quant Range (Middle 80%): 159-170 Median GPA: 3.7 Average Age: 27 Average Work Experience: 5 years Rolling Admissions: No Women: 49% International Students: 40% Countries Represented: 53 Sloan Important Dates Round 1 Deadline: September 29, 2025 Round 2 Deadline: January 13, 2026 Round 3 Deadline: April 6, 2026 Sloan Articles MIT Sloan School MBA Cover Letter, Application Tips MIT Sloan Application Tips MIT Essay Tips Standing Out In The Admissions Process Sloan Essay Tips More Articles . Other Sloan Websites Official MIT Sloan Class Profile Bloomberg Businessweek MIT Sloan Profile Wikipedia MIT Sloan Profile SBC Sloan Guides MIT Sloan Essay Guide &larr; Return to Business School Hub Overview page. We can improve your MBA profile and boost your candidacy. Gain insight into the review process and eliminate weaknesses from your MBA application. --> Note: You must have javascript enabled to submit the form. Schedule Your Free Advising Session (323) 934-3936 i&#110;&#102;&#111;&#64;Stacy&#66;la&#99;kman.&#99;&#111;m About About SBC Meet the Team See How We Rank Case Studies MVP Services The All-In Package How All-In Works Hourly Coaching A La Carte Test Prep SBC Flight Test &trade; For College Seniors For Social Impact MBA PreCheck MBA Plan Ahead Editing Services Financial Aid Advisory Interview Prep MBA Interview Prep HBS Interview Prep Wharton Group Interview Prep Resources B-Schooled Podcast "What the AdComm Wants" Guides MBA Sample Essays MBA Application Deadlines MBA Program Cheat Sheets Smackdowns: MBA Program Intel Subscribe to Newsletter &copy;2001-2026 STACY BLACKMAN CONSULTING, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.