Harvard Business School | MBA Application Advice | Stacy Blackman Free Advising Session Work With Us The All-In Package We’re turning No's into Yes's by teaching you how to build the type of application that competitive MBA programs want to receive. Learn how to remodel short-comings into strong points, write compelling essays, strategize for admission tests, ace interviews, and be the strongest applicant you can be. Learn More About All-In Package The All-in Package Build the most competitive application possible. Hourly Services Target a specific piece of your MBA application. A La Carte Services Test Prep SBC Flight Test &trade; For College Students For Social Impact MBA PreCheck MBA Plan Ahead Editing Services Financial Aid Advisory Interview Prep MBA Interview Prep HBS Interview Prep Wharton Group Interview Prep Meet the Team About SBC Our Current Rankings Poets&amp;Quants # 1 out of eleven firms Beat the GMAT Clear Admit MBA Insight GMATClub View Our Rankings Introduction About SBC About Stacy Blackman MBA Case Studies Contact Information Reputation See How We Rank Thousands of Reviews Press Frequently Asked Questions Find out if we can get you into your dream school and why you should hire us. MBA Resources Download FREE Guide Developing a personal brand is critical to your b-school application strategy. Request this free branding guide, valued at $29.99, and let SBC help you figure out the steps that follow. You must have javascript enabled to submit the form. Download Your Free Guide. Hot Topics MBA Sample Essays MBA Application Deadlines Smackdowns: MBA Program Intel MBA Application Cheat Sheet Pre-MBA Math Classes MBA in Europe Value of MBA MBA Rankings Watch &amp; Listen B-Schooled Podcast SBC YouTube Channel Subscribe SBC Newsletter Strategy Guides "What the AdComm Wants" Guides GMAT Math Cheat Sheet Interview Guides Application Basics 21-day Project Guides Blog View Our Top 10 Blog Posts We hope this roundup of 10 most visited blog posts serves as a helpful jumping-off point as you begin to prepare for your MBA application journey. Blog Recent Posts Smackdowns: MBA Program Intel Post-MBA Careers MBA Essay Questions MBA Essay Tips GMAT and GRE For EMBA Applicants For College Students Diversity Scholarship Opportunities Top 10 Blog Posts The Eternal Question How to Get Into Harvard Business School That's the first question that the majority of our perspective clients ask. We have several former HBS Admission Officers on our SBC consulting team, so we decided to gather HBS admit data across our client pool to define themes and strategies that can help future MBA applicants. Free Advising Session We can improve your MBA profile and boost your candidacy. Gain insight into the review process and eliminate weaknesses from your MBA application. --> Note: You must have javascript enabled to submit the form. Schedule Your Free Advising Session Harvard Business School Application Contents Harvard MBA Deadline HBS Essay Tips Harvard MBA Essay Guide Harvard MBA Application Case Study HBS Application Strategy for Finance Applicants Harvard Business School Essay Blogs Other HBS MBA application articles &#9658; Intro Sentences Close &#9658; Career Goals Close &#9658; Strengths and Weaknesses Close &#8220;Habit of leadership, analytical aptitude &amp; appetite and engaged community citizenship, are what HBS is looking for in its applicants,&#8221; shared Andrea, who is a former HBS Admissions Officer and HBS MBA on the Stacy Blackman Consulting team. Contact us for an assessment of your HBS MBA candidacy today. Here&#8217;s a snapshot of our HBS expertise on the SBC admissions consulting team : Program Overview Harvard Business School is the home of the case method of business education. It brings “the complex and dynamic realities of business analysis and decision making into the classroom.” The school’s mission is to educate leaders who make a difference in the world. Students at Harvard Business School are part of a storied institution with a dense network of connections and resources. The volume of cases, research, and publications the school puts out each year is part of what makes Harvard unique. Ideas are exchanged at nearly 20 conferences each year and at speaking engagements that take place regularly. Within the larger MBA program, students become part of a smaller community through their “section” groups. Each group of about ninety students has a dedicated faculty team, and together, they complete the first-year curriculum. All students take the same five courses during the first year, focusing on the internal functional operations of business enterprises. With one of the largest and most influential alumni networks in the world, Harvard Business School is very well-connected. In fact, 20% of the top three executive positions at Fortune 500 companies are filled by HBS alumni. Harvard Business School ranked #6 in the 2025-2026 U.S. News &amp; World Report &#8216;s Best Business Schools . Admissions Stats Here&#8217;s a snapshot of HBS&#8217;s MBA Class of 2026 relative to Stanford: Admission Stats Harvard Stanford Median GMAT 740 738 GMAT Range 540-790 560-790 Average GPA 3.69 3.75 Acceptance Rate 11.2% 6.8% &nbsp; Class of 2026 Harvard Stanford Enrolled MBA Students 930 424 International MBA Students 35% 39% Women MBA Students 45% 44% Black/African American Students 8% 8% Hispanic/Latino Students 10% 7% Asian American Students 25% 30% HBS Admissions Essay Applicants to the MBA Class of 2028 (matriculating fall 2026) need to respond to these three essay prompts: Business-Minded Essay: Please reflect on how your choices have influenced your career path and aspirations. (300 words) Leadership-Focused Essay: What experiences have shaped how you invest in others and how you lead? (250 words) Growth-Oriented Essay : Curiosity can be seen in many ways. Please share an example of how you have demonstrated curiosity and how that has influenced your growth. (up to 250 words) HBS Admissions Tips SBC reviews its admit pool each season to identify key trends and lessons. For instance, we recently wrote about how to demystify the HBS acceptance rate . When we evaluated all our successful HBS admits across our SBC client pool , we found that their essays had some common success factors: Core passion and driving motivation are shared through several examples, professional, community, personal Autobiographical and also key achievements Multi-topical as opposed to one topic, but with a structured framework of some type and not colloquial, freeflow presentation Similarly, academic stats, intellectual horsepower, leadership track record, career clarity, and proven ambition are all important factors in HBS admissions. From the Blog Check out How to Get Into Harvard Business School , which features lessons learned from our admissions experts. Sample HBS Essays Winning essays from our successful admits are new on the SBC site and can be found here: HBS Essay Examples More HBS Application Tips View our extensive overview of how the application for Harvard varies from that of Stanford here . HBS Class of 2025 Key Statistics Applicants: 8,149 Entering Full-Time MBA Students: 938 Average GPA: 3.73 Median GMAT: 740 Percentage of applicants submitting GRE: 34% Median GRE (Quantitative/Verbal): 163/163 Average Age: 27 Average Work Experience: 4.9 years Rolling Admissions: No Women: 45% International Students: 39% Non-White Ethnicity: 50% First Generation: 11% A wealth of data can be found in the career placement reports: HBS career placement report HBS Important Dates Round 1: September 4, 2024 Round 2: January 6, 2025 HBS Articles How to get into Harvard Business School, from our HBS Adcom Harvard Business School MBA Essay Tips Successful Reapplicant to Harvard Business School, HBS How to get into both HBS and GSB: a double admit study HBS Interview Criteria, Evaluation, Sample Questions HBS MBA Application Tips for Finance Candidates Past blogs about Harvard Business School, HBS Crafting Credibility for a Family Business Applicant Last Minute Advice From Harvard Business School, HBS Is the MBA worth it? Here&#8217;s your checklist Deferred MBA Admissions Overview Harvard Business School Acceptance Rate: Deconstructed HBS Sample Essays How to get into HBS 2+2 Interview with a successful HBS 2+2 client More HBS application articles . Other HBS Websites Official Harvard Business School Class Profile Bloomberg Businessweek HBS Profile Wikipedia Harvard Business School Profile SBC HBS Guides Harvard Business School Essay Guide Harvard Business School Interview Guide &larr; Return to Business School Hub Overview page. We can improve your MBA profile and boost your candidacy. Gain insight into the review process and eliminate weaknesses from your MBA application. --> Note: You must have javascript enabled to submit the form. Schedule Your Free Advising Session (323) 934-3936 &#105;&#110;&#102;o&#64;&#83;ta&#99;yB&#108;&#97;ckma&#110;&#46;c&#111;m About About SBC Meet the Team See How We Rank Case Studies MVP Services The All-In Package How All-In Works Hourly Coaching A La Carte Test Prep SBC Flight Test &trade; For College Seniors For Social Impact MBA PreCheck MBA Plan Ahead Editing Services Financial Aid Advisory Interview Prep MBA Interview Prep HBS Interview Prep Wharton Group Interview Prep Resources B-Schooled Podcast "What the AdComm Wants" Guides MBA Sample Essays MBA Application Deadlines MBA Program Cheat Sheets Smackdowns: MBA Program Intel Subscribe to Newsletter &copy;2001-2026 STACY BLACKMAN CONSULTING, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.