Columbia MBA Application | MBA Application Advice | Stacy Blackman Free Advising Session Work With Us The All-In Package We’re turning No's into Yes's by teaching you how to build the type of application that competitive MBA programs want to receive. Learn how to remodel short-comings into strong points, write compelling essays, strategize for admission tests, ace interviews, and be the strongest applicant you can be. Learn More About All-In Package The All-in Package Build the most competitive application possible. Hourly Services Target a specific piece of your MBA application. A La Carte Services Test Prep SBC Flight Test &trade; For College Students For Social Impact MBA PreCheck MBA Plan Ahead Editing Services Financial Aid Advisory Interview Prep MBA Interview Prep HBS Interview Prep Wharton Group Interview Prep Meet the Team About SBC Our Current Rankings Poets&amp;Quants # 1 out of eleven firms Beat the GMAT Clear Admit MBA Insight GMATClub View Our Rankings Introduction About SBC About Stacy Blackman MBA Case Studies Contact Information Reputation See How We Rank Thousands of Reviews Press Frequently Asked Questions Find out if we can get you into your dream school and why you should hire us. MBA Resources Download FREE Guide Developing a personal brand is critical to your b-school application strategy. Request this free branding guide, valued at $29.99, and let SBC help you figure out the steps that follow. You must have javascript enabled to submit the form. Download Your Free Guide. Hot Topics MBA Sample Essays MBA Application Deadlines Smackdowns: MBA Program Intel MBA Application Cheat Sheet Pre-MBA Math Classes MBA in Europe Value of MBA MBA Rankings Watch &amp; Listen B-Schooled Podcast SBC YouTube Channel Subscribe SBC Newsletter Strategy Guides "What the AdComm Wants" Guides GMAT Math Cheat Sheet Interview Guides Application Basics 21-day Project Guides Blog View Our Top 10 Blog Posts We hope this roundup of 10 most visited blog posts serves as a helpful jumping-off point as you begin to prepare for your MBA application journey. Blog Recent Posts Smackdowns: MBA Program Intel Post-MBA Careers MBA Essay Questions MBA Essay Tips GMAT and GRE For EMBA Applicants For College Students Diversity Scholarship Opportunities Top 10 Blog Posts The Eternal Question How to Get Into Harvard Business School That's the first question that the majority of our perspective clients ask. We have several former HBS Admission Officers on our SBC consulting team, so we decided to gather HBS admit data across our client pool to define themes and strategies that can help future MBA applicants. Free Advising Session We can improve your MBA profile and boost your candidacy. Gain insight into the review process and eliminate weaknesses from your MBA application. --> Note: You must have javascript enabled to submit the form. Schedule Your Free Advising Session Columbia MBA Application &#9658; INTRO SENTENCES Close &#9658; CAREER GOALS Close &#9658; STRENGTHS + WEAKNESSES Close Columbia Program Overview For Columbia Business School students, the advantage is location, location, location. While Columbia’s academics are certainly on par with other top-tier schools, its status as the only Ivy League business school based in Manhattan draws the most accolades from graduates. As the school claims, New York’s flourishing financial community, which includes Wall Street and thousands of multi-national corporations, is a “living laboratory” for students interested in discovering the business world up close through internships and frequent visits from top CEOs. While Columbia’s academic strength is its Finance department, graduates from the program tend to have well-rounded interests, international connections, and a solid network of alumni willing to help them explore all their options. Columbia Business School is incredibly diverse both domestically and internationally, much like New York City itself. Columbia’s student body is 44% female for the MBA Class of 2026. International students make up 46% of the school, and 20% of alumni go on to live and work abroad. Columbia&#8217;s MBA Class of 2026 acceptance rate was 20.9%. In the 2025-2026 US News Best Business Schools ranking, Columbia comes in at #9. &#8220;With Columbia, it really is a holistic approach, but the fit is very important. Top Columbia focus points for application include: involvement outside of work/classroom and leadership or potential for leadership. They want to be certain that you’re going to fit into its tight-knit community and super involved student life. Logical and attainable career goals are important as well,&#8221; shared a former CBS Admissions Officer on the Stacy Blackman Consulting team. Contact us for an assessment of your CBS MBA candidacy today. Here&#8217;s a snapshot of our CBS expertise on the SBC admissions consulting team : With such a jumble of cultures and opportunities—especially in NYC’s already noisy setting—Columbia’s biggest worry is that students will have a hard time finding their footing and making connections with each other. The cohort system is a considerable help; better still is what alumni describe as Columbia’s unusually positive atmosphere, perhaps forged as a response to the school’s difficulties and distractions. Says one graduate: “Columbia Business School uniquely combines competition with cooperation—many times my fellow students sent me copies of their class notes before exams, and we studied together with ease. However, we all fought to make our best possible effort and to land the best job interviews possible.” Admissions Stats Here&#8217;s a snapshot of CBS&#8217;s MBA Class of 2026, relative to Wharton: Class of 2026 Admission Stats Wharton Columbia Average GMAT 732 732 GMAT Range 600-790* 600–780 Average GPA 3.7 3.6 Acceptance Rate 20.5% 20.9% Yield 58% 51% * Estimated Enrollment Stats Wharton Columbia Entering 2024 MBA Enrollment 866 972 Women 47% 44% International 31% 47% Minority of US Origin 34%* 44%* * Estimated Rounds &amp; Deadlines Search our MBA deadlines chart for updates on rounds and dates. CBS&#8217;s Class of 2028 MBA Admissions Essays Here are CBS&#8217;s main essay prompts. Essay tips can be found here . Essay 1: Through your resume and recommendations, we have a clear sense of your professional path to date. What are your career goals over the next three to five years and what is your long-term dream job? (500 words) Essay 2: Please share a specific example of how you made a team more collaborative, more inclusive or fostered a greater sense of community within an organization. ( 2 50 words) Essay 3: We believe Columbia Business School is a special place with a collaborative learning environment in which students feel a sense of belonging, agency, and partnership—academically, culturally, and professionally. How would you co-create your optimal MBA experience at CBS? Please be specific. (250 words) CBS Application Timing In recent years, Columbia has moved beyond its traditional strength in finance and seeks to recruit a diverse and well-rounded student body. Many applicants cite “finance” as their primary motivation for attending Columbia, and their career aspirations reflect this. Understanding and appreciating other strengths in the school’s curriculum may earn you big points. Also, having a career goal that is not in the finance realm may help to set you apart. Columbia offers an accelerated MBA program that begins in January. The curriculum is identical to that of the fall entry program; the only difference is that &#8220;J-term&#8221; students take their second-term core courses during the summer instead of doing an internship. Admission to the January program is somewhat less competitive, so if you are willing to forgo a summer internship, applying to the accelerated program might improve your chances of getting in. From the Blog Check out CBS MBA Applicants, Heed This Sage Advice , with all the deets on Columbia’s curriculum, culture, and admissions practices shared by SBC consultant Hannah, a former CBS admissions officer. Sample CBS MBA Essays Winning essays from our successful admits are new on the SBC site and can be found here: CBS Essay Examples More CBS Application Tips View our extensive overview of how the application for CBS varies from that of Wharton here . Columbia Class of 2026 Key Statistics Applicants: 7,487 Enrolled Full-Time MBA Students: 972 Average GMAT Score: 732 Average GPA: 3.6 Average Age: 28 Average Work Experience: 5 years Rolling Admissions: Yes for J-term. No for August entry. Women: 44% International Students: 46% Minority of US Origin: 44% Columbia Important Dates Round 1 Deadline: September 3, 2025 Round 2 Deadline: January 6, 2026 Round 3 Deadline: March 26, 2026 January 2025 Entry First Deadline: June 17, 2025 Second Deadline: August 13, 2025 Columbia Articles Columbia Business School MBA Essay Tips Columbia Business School Advice Columbia Essay Tips Columbia January Program Tips Columbia Business School Essays More Articles . Other Columbia Websites Official Columbia Business School Class Profile Bloomberg Businessweek Columbia Business School Profile Wikipedia Columbia Business School Profile SBC Columbia Guides Columbia Business School Essay Guide Columbia Business School Interview Guide &larr; Return to Business School Hub Overview page. We can improve your MBA profile and boost your candidacy. Gain insight into the review process and eliminate weaknesses from your MBA application. --> Note: You must have javascript enabled to submit the form. Schedule Your Free Advising Session (323) 934-3936 i&#110;&#102;o&#64;&#83;&#116;a&#99;&#121;&#66;l&#97;c&#107;&#109;&#97;&#110;.&#99;o&#109; About About SBC Meet the Team See How We Rank Case Studies MVP Services The All-In Package How All-In Works Hourly Coaching A La Carte Test Prep SBC Flight Test &trade; For College Seniors For Social Impact MBA PreCheck MBA Plan Ahead Editing Services Financial Aid Advisory Interview Prep MBA Interview Prep HBS Interview Prep Wharton Group Interview Prep Resources B-Schooled Podcast "What the AdComm Wants" Guides MBA Sample Essays MBA Application Deadlines MBA Program Cheat Sheets Smackdowns: MBA Program Intel Subscribe to Newsletter &copy;2001-2026 STACY BLACKMAN CONSULTING, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.