Poets&amp;Quants | Wharton School Names 4 Forté Fellows In New MBA Class Toggle navigation Tuck | Mr. Invest In Change GMAT 710, GPA 3.1 Tuck | Mr. Chemical Engineer GRE 326, GPA 3 INSEAD | Mr. Future AI Product Manager GMAT 715, GPA 3.7 NYU Stern | Mr. Operations Strategy &#038; Youth Leadership GMAT 770, GPA 4 IE Business School | Mr. JD Garay GRE GPA: 3.9, GPA 3.0 Kellogg SOM | Mr. Military To Entrepreneur GMAT 745, GPA 2.38 London Business School | Mr. Decarbonisation GMAT 695, GPA 3.5 Kellogg SOM | Mr. MENA Growth Equity GMAT 730, GPA 3.4 Kellogg SOM | Mr. West Point Logistics GRE 327, GPA 2.76 Harvard | Mr. Energy &amp; AI PM GRE 328, GPA 9.65 Tepper | Mr. Tech Mil-Veteran GMAT TBD, GPA 3.35 Columbia | Mr. European MBB Consultant GMAT 645 (Gmat Focus), GPA 8.2 MIT Sloan | Mr. Startup Strategy GMAT 720, GPA 3.7 Stanford GSB | Mr. Mid-Market PE GMAT 770, GPA 4 Stanford GSB | Mr. MBB Guy From Big 4 &amp; Startup GRE 325, GPA 3 Featured Schools Today's Featured Schools Featured Schools Home Main Menu Most Recent This Week’s Most Viewed GMAT Master Videos Podcasts Events European MBAs Special Reports Rankings MBA Online MBA Specialized Masters Entrepreneurship Executive MBA Undergraduate Business Schools News & Features All Business School News MBA International MBA News Online MBA Specialized Masters Admissions Inside Business Education THE Register Thought Leadership MBA School Profiles Rankings News Jobs Faculty & Leadership Best 40 Under 40 Professors Events Students News & Features Meet The Class Best & Brightest MBAs Best & Brightest Online MBAs Distinguished Alumni --> Women In Business School Careers &amp; Pay News, Advice, & Trends Online MBA News & Advice School Profiles Rankings Events Pursuing Purpose At Gies Masters Degrees in Business News & Advice Specialized Masters Directory Rankings Business Analytics Master's In Management Events Financing Financing Your Degree Study IN Series Study In France Study In UK Admissions News & Advice Admissions Consultant Directory Your MBA Game Plan Admissions Gateway Handicapping Your MBA Odds MBA Watch Events GMAT &amp; GRE News & Advice GMAT Master More Resources FREE: Insider Guides FREE: Successful Essays To The GSB & HBS Special Reports The European Experience Events Videos Podcasts Executive MBA Undergrad Full Archive About | Privacy Policy | Advertising | Editorial | Contact Us Follow Us Subscribe | Login Home Business School News MBA MBA News Wharton School Names 4 Forté Fellows In New MBA Class Wharton School Names 4 Forté Fellows In New MBA Class by: P&amp;Q Staff on October 02, 2022 October 2, 2022 Copy Link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Share on LinkedIn Share on WhatsApp Share on Reddit The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania announced four recipients of Forté Fellowships in its 2024 MBA class From Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: Four women in the Wharton MBA Class of 2024 will receive Forté Fellowships, which recognize students who exhibit exemplary leadership, represent diverse backgrounds, and have a demonstrated track record and commitment to advancing women in business. Archana Patel, Sruthi Mylavarapu, Cynthia Obiozor, and Shilpi Mittal received scholarships for their commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion in the workplace. The Forté Foundation aims to launch more women into fulfilling, significant careers through access to business education, professional development, and a supportive network of successful women. Forté Foundation Fellowships are competitive awards. To date, the foundation has awarded $334 million to more than 13,000 Forté Fellows. Read more Toronto Rotman launches Canada&#8217;s most ambitious fundraising campaign ever From Toronto: Building on the launch of its new academic ambitious new fundraising goal plan in July, the University of Toronto’s Rotman School of Management last night launched an ambitious new fundraising goal of $250 million as part the University of Toronto’s Defy Gravity campaign. Through investments in cross cutting research and teaching initiatives, the Rotman School aims to develop responsible and purposeful business leaders with support for faculty, research, teaching and learning. Susan Christoffersen: &#8220;Now, more than ever, we need creative solutions for an ever-changing future.&#8221; The campaign is an integral part of Defy Gravity: The Campaign for the University of Toronto, the largest university campaign in Canadian history, which seeks to raise $4 billion. In addition to the ambitious financial goal, Defy Gravity sets forward an expansive vision and goal for alumni engagement. The campaign seeks to involve 225,000 alumni as volunteers, mentors, donors, participants, and leaders. Overall, the University aspires to attract one million individual acts of engagement. Purpose into Action: Academic Plan 2022–2027 provides the overarching framework for the School’s priorities including four aspirational goals to advance the frontiers of management thinking, deliver transformational management education, take insight to impact, and create a more diverse and welcoming community. The development of the plan was a collaborative effort, incorporating strategic insights from leaders at the School along with valuable input from the broader Rotman community. “Our bold fundraising campaign is set against a backdrop of unprecedented change—a devastating pandemic, the accelerating effects of climate change, the growing uncertainties of geopolitical conflict, and the turmoil stemming from unresolved and long-standing social injustices,&#8221; says Dean Susan Christoffersen. &#8220;Now, more than ever, we need creative solutions for an ever-changing future, with the Rotman School playing a critical role in developing business leaders who can tackle these challenges. Our new academic plan maps out the goals, priorities and specific initiatives by which we’re putting our purpose into action.” Read more IÉSEG concludes ambitious recruitment plan, hires 23 new professors From Lille, France: To implement its new strategic plan “Inspire – Connect – Transform” , IÉSEG recently finalized an ambitious academic recruitment campaign — and reaffirmed its willingness to continue the development of its programs (apprenticeship track, Bachelor in International Business, specialized Masters and Executive Education), to boost its scientific contribution thanks to cutting-edge research, and to strengthen entrepreneurship and innovation to support companies. As part of its development, IÉSEG announced the arrival of 23 new professors with a research mission, eight Professors of Practice, four Teaching Fellows, and seven postdoctoral researchers to strengthen its faculty on its campuses in Lille and Paris-La Défense. IÉSEG&#8217;s recruitment ads generated more than 6,900 views on dedicated international recruitment websites and the school received 1,453 applications. This number is constantly increasing, compared to 854 applications in 2019, 1,124 in 2020 and 1,330 in 2021. Read more DON&#8217;T MISS $40 MILLION IN NEW FUNDING FOR SCHOLARSHIPS AT THE TOP B-SCHOOL &copy; Copyright 2026 Poets & Quants. All rights reserved. This article may not be republished, rewritten or otherwise distributed without written permission. To reprint or license this article or any content from Poets & Quants, please submit your request HERE . Trending WashU Olin BIG IdeaBounce Winner: A Sophomore Who Collects Ideas On His iPhone Report: Alumni Crave Lifelong Learning, But Few Plan A Return To B-School Creating AI-Fluent Innovators For The Future Of Business IE University Boldly Bets On A New York City Campus As Others Retrench India’s Most Diverse MBA? BITSoM’s New Class Breaks The Mold Life Begins At 40: The Spirit Of Entrepreneurship Is Alive At Emlyon The P&#038;Q Interview: Schulich Dean Detlev Zwick On Leading Through The Next Tech Revolution Student Voices: Is An MBA Exchange Worth Your While? Tagged: Archana Patel , Cynthia Obiozor , forte , IÉSEG , Shilpi Mittal , Sruthi Mylavarapu , Susan Christoffersen , toronto rotman , Wharton Post navigation Previous Article: As The World Sterns: Being Authentic In The MBA Application Process Next Article: Ten Biggest Surprises In Bloomberg Businessweek&#8217;s 2022 MBA Ranking Stay Informed. Sign Up! Login Logout Search for: What Matters? And What More? 50 Successful Essays To The GSB & HBS Online MBA Hub Specialized Masters Directory Business Analytics Hub MBA Admissions Consultants Assess My MBA Odds This Weeks Most Viewed The Top One-Year MBA Programs In The United States (4,016 views) Poets&#038;Quants’ 2025-2026 MBA Ranking (1,540 views) Most Disruptive MBA Startups Of 2025 (703 views) Meet INSEAD’s MBA Class Of 2026 (554 views) Meet the MBA Class of 2026: Raj Sachdev, INSEAD (307 views) Our Partner Sites: Poets&amp;Quants for Execs | Poets&amp;Quants for Undergrads | Tipping the Scales | We See Genius About P&amp;Q | P&amp;Q News Archives | Privacy Policy | Licensing &amp; Reprints | Advertising &amp; Partnerships | Editorial | Contact Us | Sign In / Register Copyright&copy; 2026 C Change Media, LLC All Rights Reserved. Website Design By: Yellowfarmstudios.com &times;