Poets&amp;Quants | Tuck School of Business: “We’re Pretty Happy People Here!&quot; Toggle navigation Tuck | Mr. Invest In Change GMAT 710, GPA 3.1 Tuck | Mr. Chemical Engineer GRE 326, GPA 3 INSEAD | Mr. Future AI Product Manager GMAT 715, GPA 3.7 NYU Stern | Mr. Operations Strategy &#038; Youth Leadership GMAT 770, GPA 4 IE Business School | Mr. JD Garay GRE GPA: 3.9, GPA 3.0 Kellogg SOM | Mr. Military To Entrepreneur GMAT 745, GPA 2.38 London Business School | Mr. Decarbonisation GMAT 695, GPA 3.5 Kellogg SOM | Mr. MENA Growth Equity GMAT 730, GPA 3.4 Kellogg SOM | Mr. West Point Logistics GRE 327, GPA 2.76 Harvard | Mr. Energy &amp; AI PM GRE 328, GPA 9.65 Tepper | Mr. Tech Mil-Veteran GMAT TBD, GPA 3.35 Columbia | Mr. European MBB Consultant GMAT 645 (Gmat Focus), GPA 8.2 MIT Sloan | Mr. Startup Strategy GMAT 720, GPA 3.7 Stanford GSB | Mr. Mid-Market PE GMAT 770, GPA 4 Stanford GSB | Mr. MBB Guy From Big 4 &amp; Startup GRE 325, GPA 3 Featured Schools Today's Featured Schools Featured Schools Home Main Menu Most Recent This Week’s Most Viewed GMAT Master Videos Podcasts Events European MBAs Special Reports Rankings MBA Online MBA Specialized Masters Entrepreneurship Executive MBA Undergraduate Business Schools News & Features All Business School News MBA International MBA News Online MBA Specialized Masters Admissions Inside Business Education THE Register Thought Leadership MBA School Profiles Rankings News Jobs Faculty & Leadership Best 40 Under 40 Professors Events Students News & Features Meet The Class Best & Brightest MBAs Best & Brightest Online MBAs Distinguished Alumni --> Women In Business School Careers &amp; Pay News, Advice, & Trends Online MBA News & Advice School Profiles Rankings Events Pursuing Purpose At Gies Masters Degrees in Business News & Advice Specialized Masters Directory Rankings Business Analytics Master's In Management Events Financing Financing Your Degree Study IN Series Study In France Study In UK Admissions News & Advice Admissions Consultant Directory Your MBA Game Plan Admissions Gateway Handicapping Your MBA Odds MBA Watch Events GMAT &amp; GRE News & Advice GMAT Master More Resources FREE: Insider Guides FREE: Successful Essays To The GSB & HBS Special Reports The European Experience Events Videos Podcasts Executive MBA Undergrad Full Archive About | Privacy Policy | Advertising | Editorial | Contact Us Follow Us Subscribe | Login Home Uncategorized Tuck School of Business: “We’re Pretty Happy People Here!&#8221; Tuck School of Business: “We’re Pretty Happy People Here!&#8221; by: John A. Byrne on April 17, 2014 April 17, 2014 Copy Link Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Share on LinkedIn Share on WhatsApp Share on Reddit Life is good at the Tuck School of Business The last vestiges of a grueling New England winter are melting away at Dartmouth College’s Tuck School of Business. The nearby Connecticut River is no longer frozen, and the small piles of snow that remain scattered on the rural New Hampshire campus are mostly a reminder of an especially frigid season. Already, the roughly 280 second-year MBAs are looking ahead—beyond the June 7th investiture and into a highly promising future. At a time when U.S. unemployment remains stubbornly high and there is heavy concern over the economy, life is awfully good at the Tuck School—as it is at all of the very best business schools in the U.S. The vast majority of the Class of 2014 have had job offers for weeks, if not months. Offers and acceptances are ahead of last year’s strong results when 91% of the graduates ultimately had job offers at graduation and 95% received offers three months later. And this year’s compensation is just as good, if not better than 2013 when the median base was $115,000, with a sign-on bonus of $25,000 and other guaranteed compensation of $30,000—not including relocation, tuition reimbursement, stock or carried interest. ‘A PHENOMENALLY FROTHY JOB MARKET’ “The job market is phenomenally frothy,” says one second-year who is headed to Silicon Valley for a job with a startup. His goal: To work for a tech pre-IPO startup with a valuation of at least $1 billion and fewer than 300 employees. The MBA found 38 companies that met his criteria and interviewed with ten of them thanks to his Tuck credential. This year, a typical Tuck student had campus interviews with seven different recruiting companies, and a record 20% of the class has accepted offers from just three firms which pay among the highest starting salaries in the world for freshly minted graduates: the so-called MBB, McKinsey, Bain, and Boston Consulting Group. Students say that McKinsey is taking 27 of Tuck’s graduates this year, with Bain scooping up more than 20 grads. “The students feel positive and optimistic,” agrees Jonathan D. Masland, director of career development at Tuck. “We’ve had five straight years of better, better and better.” This year’s success in the job market, moreover, has been universal. International students, in fact, have higher offers of employment than domestic for the first time ever by a couple of percentage points, adds Masland. ‘WE’RE PRETTY HAPPY PEOPLE HERE’ SAYS A STUDENT Many of the graduates have successfully made career switches. One student is transitioning from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to a consultant for McKinsey &amp; Co. Another student is making a “quadruple switch,” changing industries, functions, geography and language. The MBA is going from a bank in Mexico to Amazon’s retail leadership program in Seattle. “We’re pretty happy people here,” says Sprague Brodie, 27, a former Deloitte Consulting analyst who will graduate from Tuck in June. Brodie has accepted a new role with Deloitte Digital which will reimburse her for two years worth of MBA tuition. Without the degree, she believes it would have been far less likely for her to have made the transition from Deloitte’s government consulting practice in Washington, D.C., to its digital consulting arm. Even students who are racking up massive student loans express no regret. “I feel like I’m Charlie in the Chocolate Factory and got the golden ticket,” quips Kensington Schmidt, 29, a first-year student who says she will leave Tuck with $250,000 in student loans, including debt from her undergraduate studies at Babson College. But Schmidt, now weighing internship offers from two tech firms, has interviewed with a wide range of tech companies, including Amazon, Symantec, Intel, Microsoft, and Verizon. “There is no way in hell many of these companies would have looked at me a year ago.” Continue Reading Page 1 of 3 1 2 3 &copy; Copyright 2026 Poets & Quants. All rights reserved. This article may not be republished, rewritten or otherwise distributed without written permission. To reprint or license this article or any content from Poets & Quants, please submit your request HERE . Trending From Founder To Finalist: Albert Djikeng Reflects On Goizueta’s Entrepreneurship Summit Meet the MBA Class of 2027: Carson Fletcher, North Carolina (Kenan-Flagler) Tagged: Best Business Schools , Business School Rankings , Class of 2014 at Tuck School of Business , Dartmouth Tuck , top business schools , top MBA programs , Tuck School of Business Post navigation Previous Article: B-School Deans&#8217; White House Pow-Wow Next Article: Handicapping Your MBA Odds: Ms. Dual Degree Stay Informed. Sign Up! Login Logout Search for: What Matters? And What More? 50 Successful Essays To The GSB & HBS Online MBA Hub Specialized Masters Directory Business Analytics Hub MBA Admissions Consultants Assess My MBA Odds This Weeks Most Viewed The Top One-Year MBA Programs In The United States (4,016 views) Poets&#038;Quants’ 2025-2026 MBA Ranking (1,540 views) Most Disruptive MBA Startups Of 2025 (703 views) Meet INSEAD’s MBA Class Of 2026 (554 views) Meet the MBA Class of 2026: Raj Sachdev, INSEAD (307 views) Our Partner Sites: Poets&amp;Quants for Execs | Poets&amp;Quants for Undergrads | Tipping the Scales | We See Genius About P&amp;Q | P&amp;Q News Archives | Privacy Policy | Licensing &amp; Reprints | Advertising &amp; Partnerships | Editorial | Contact Us | Sign In / Register Copyright&copy; 2026 C Change Media, LLC All Rights Reserved. Website Design By: Yellowfarmstudios.com &times;