SOURCE: https://www.mbacrystalball.com/best-mba-in-canada/
SCRAPED: 2026-03-25T23:25:58.413267+00:00
============================================================

Best MBA in Canada for international students - MBA Crystal Ball
Skip to content
MBA applicant? Get a
Reality Check
right now
Free MBA Profile Evaluation
Watch:
How Sumedha got into M7 & T20 with scholarship
+ other applicant stories
Canada is listed in our
top study abroad countries
. In this post we look at the best Canadian universities and colleges that
draw international students to its campuses
. We also look at the various types of MBA programs they offer (full-time, part-time, executive MBA, joint MBA).
Best MBA Colleges in Canada for international / Indian students
Why choose Canada for your MBA
You can expect a high standard of living while in Canada. It’s a country that respects diversity, so irrespective of your ethnicity, you can feel at home in Canada.
Medical insurance is usually covered by the government so your health worries are taken care of. There’s life outside the campus as well with a lot of activities in and around as well as a lot of places to explore.
International students can qualify to work in Canada after completing their MBA under PGWPP (Post-graduation Work Permit Program). Skilled Canadian work experience acquired under the PGWPP helps in qualifying for permanent residence in Canada.
Note Covid19 update to PGWPP policies:
According to the
official website
, quote “If you started your online studies outside Canada before you applied for a study permit, you may still be eligible for a PGWP. Only the time you spent studying online after your application was received will count toward the length of your PGWP.”
Your spouse may also be eligible to apply for a work permit and work as long as you hold a valid study permit. Read
Life and Jobs after MBA in Canada
[Editor’s Note: Article updated in July 2021 to reflect the latest data]
Cost of Living in Canada
Following is a list that can give you an idea of the approximate cost of living in Canada.
Cost of living in Canada
Item
Cost
Milk (1 litre)
$2
Eggs (dozen)
$3
Potatoes (4.5 kg)
$9
Groceries for one person (per month)
$250 – $350
Litre of gas/petrol
$1.15 – $1.30
Public transit fare
$2.50 – $3.00
Restaurant meal
$15 – $30
Fast food meal
$5 – $10
Cup of coffee
$2
Pint of beer
$5 – $7
Movie
$13 – $20
Mobile (cell) phone package
$50
Internet (1 month, high speed)
$40
Cable television (per month)
$25 – $50
Postage stamp (within Canada) (0-30g)
$0.61
Postage stamp (international) (0-30g)
$1.80
Youth hostel (per night)
$25
Rent (bachelor apartment, large city, per month)
$700 – $1,100
Rent (bachelor apartment, small city, per month)
$500 – $700
List of the top MBA universities in Canada
For the reasons we shared, if Canada is where you aspire to study and work, we have a list of some of the top MBA programs that you can look at.
1. University of Toronto – Rotman School of Management
Located in the heart of Toronto, the
University of Toronto
offers one of the well-known MBA programs in Canada.
Full-time MBA program:
This involves 18 month of rigorous academic study and four months of internship or summer elective course making it a 24 month long program. The first year focuses on the core courses. In the second year, you can choose to specialise in the area of your interest by choosing an MBA major or from a range of electives offered.
Tuition Fee: $95,000
–
MBA with scholarship at Rotman after BBA and MS Marketing degrees
Joint MBA program:
Various options are available where you can combine education in engineering, pharmacy, law and global affairs along with an MBA.
Tuition Fee: The cost is combined fee for MBA and the joint degree.
Part-time MBA:
Here, you have two options-either a morning MBA for which you have to devote two hours before work or an evening MBA where you’re required to put in two hours after work twice a week. This arrangement allows you to complete the program in 32 months while continuing with your professional commitments.
Tuition Fee: $100,300
Executive MBA:
This is an intense 13-month long executive MBA program with four terms, each of which has a week-long on-campus residential session. In addition, there are weekend classes held twice a month on Fridays and Saturdays. This program is meant for senior professionals with at least eight years work experience.
Tuition Fee: $100,300
Here are a few related posts on Rotman:
–
How to get into the Rotman School of Management
–
MBA in Canada (Rotman) as an international student
–
Rotman School of Management – MBA Admissions Team Interview
–
Rotman MBA (Toronto, Canada) beckons Indian students
2. York University – Schulich School of Business
This is another good program having its campus in Toronto.
Full-time MBA:
This program offers the option of either a September or January admission. The program can be completed in a minimum period of 16 months or an average of 20 months or a maximum of 24 months.
Tuition Fee: $84,000
Dual degree:
Schulich offers dual degree programs where you can opt for the joint degree and complete your education in another field along with an MBA in a shorter period than the two degrees studied separately. Law, fine arts, arts are some fields you can combine with your MBA study.
Tuition comprises part payment to Schulich and part to the respective school of graduate studies
Part-time MBA:
The program can be completed in a minimum of 40 months or a maximum of 72 months. At the Keele campus, you can choose between evening classes (twice a week) or alternate weekends or day classes. Evening classes are also offered at the downtown King and Bay campus.
The Schulich MBA also offers the option of switching between a part-time and a full-time MBA program.
The Kellogg-Schulich Executive MBA:
The EMBA program is held at the Schulich School of Business in Toronto. The program involves alternate weekend classes at Schulich as well as residential weeks at the Schulich and Kellogg campuses. It commences in January and gets completed in June the following year.
Tuition: $86,300
There is also an option of ‘Schulich MBA in India’ where you spend time in Hyderabad as well as the Schulich campus in Toronto.
Read this related post:
–
Schulich School of Business MBA Interview with Admissions Team
.
3. Western University – Ivey Business School
This bschool has its main campus at London, Ontario.
Full-time MBA:
This is an intense one year MBA program that begins its session in March. It is well-suited for those who wish to complete their full-time program within a year and get back to their professional life. The program begins with focus on the core courses. The curriculum employs case study method extensively to prepare students to face real world challenges.
Tuition: $94,500
Dual degree:
A joint business and law degree helps complete both the courses in three years instead of four.
Executive MBA
This 15 month program is meant for senior executives with a minimum of eight years work experience. You need to be able to commit around 25 hours a week to complete the group projects and various assignments including reading.
Tuition: $90,100
Here’s a related article:
–
Ivey MBA Canada – Interview with Associate Director of Admissions
4. University of British Columbia – Sauder School of Business
Located in Vancouver, Sauder has a 16 month long full-time MBA program, a 28 month duration part-time MBA program, a dual MBA/JD and an executive MBA program in healthcare and strategic mining management.
Tuition:$70,600
5. McGill University – Desautels Faculty of Management
Located in Montreal, Quebec, this school offers a 20 month long full-time MBA program, a part-time MBA, dual degree programs (MD MBA and Law MBA) and a 15 month long MCGill-HEC Montreal Executive MBA.
Tuition: $78,000
How to get into McGill University
6. HEC Montreal
Again this college has its campus in Montreal, Quebec. It offers a 13 month long full-time MBA with the option of English or French as the language of study. The two year part-time MBA program has only French as the language of study, so it would be irrelevant to a majority looking for English as the medium of education. It also provides MCGill-HEC Montreal Executive MBA as mentioned earlier.
Tuition: $42,300
7. Queen’s University – Queen’s School of Business
The programs offered include a 12 month full-time MBA at the Queen’s Kingston, Ontario campus, starting in January, various options for dual degree and a 16 month executive MBA starting in August offered anywhere in Canada.
Tuition: $80,000
8. University of Alberta
This business school allows you the option of a 16-20 month long full-time MBA, dual degree with several options, a part-time MBA with classes held in the evenings and a 20 month long executive MBA program.
Tuition: $47,000
Click to watch this video.
MBA in Canada
References:
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/study/work-postgrad.asp
http://www.educationau-incanada.ca/educationau-incanada/canada/leave-partir.aspx?lang=eng
Watch
top MBA grads
reveal their application strategies
Start here
|
Success stories
|
Reality check
|
Knowledgebase
|
Scholarships
|
Services
|
Mini-MBA
Serious about higher ed? Follow us:
About Swati
As editor-in-chief of MBA Crystal Ball for over 15 years,
Swati
has written hundreds of articles on global MBA programs and graduate education. Her data-driven insights on international business schools are frequently referenced by universities and MBA applicants worldwide.
33 thoughts on “Best MBA in Canada for international students”
I am interested in doing an MBA from Canada (Rotman or schulich preferably). I have completed B.com with 58.25% and currently I am appearing for ca final exam. Considering my low score in graduation, can I get an admission in those schools? Or do you advise doing an mcom to grade up my scores before appearing for admissions? Also can you throw some light on the type and duration of  work experience required?
Reply
Alina: Many admission teams encourage prospective applicants to reach out and share their profiles + questions. Eligibility is among the most common topics that they tackle.
I think Rotman has started accepting 15-years of education, so you may not need to go through the painful process of getting another degree just to qualify.
But best to reach out to them and check directly.
Reply
i am pursuing bba and i dnt have any work experience. so i can apply to d college in canda widout having any work experience for mba
Reply
Sadhana: Unlike the traditional 2-year CAT MBA programs in India, international MBA courses work differently. It won’t be a good idea to apply without any experience,
Reply
How many years of work experience are we looking at ?
Reply
Close to 5 years is the average for many of the reputed 2 year programs. For 1 year options (popular in Europe), the average is higher.
Reply
i completed b tech in computer science and engineering 2015 which mba is good for getting more job after study in canada ?(marketing or finance or any other way my main motive is to work there after study any college providing 100% job garantee
Reply
I have completed BTech  Mechanical in 2011 with 65.8% after doing some petty jobs in industry now I am working as Probationary Officer in a PSU Bank since 1 Aug 2014, got 7.5 bands in Ielts.. is there any chance to get a good business school in Canada with scholarship if I crack GMAT with good scores?
Reply
Hi,
I  have 2.5 years of experience in Infosys Limited as Systems Engineer, 2.5  years in Software Technology Parks of India as Assistant Director in implementing STP scheme of FTP of India, 2 years (current job) in Border security force as Assistant Commandant in General Duty and Communication cadre.
I have BE in Electronics n Telecommunications with 56.67 % aggregate and 64.13% in Degree(Pune university awards degree on d basis of final year marks so I have first class in Degree certificate). 10th – 74% and 12 th – 68%. There is a gap of 2 years in 12th n BE first year due to illness(meningitis).
I am expecting 650+ score in GMAT based on d results of mock tests.
I am planning for MBA in 2017 preferably from Germany , second choice is Canada.
Kindly let me know about my prospects of getting a top B School based on my profile. Will low percentage in BE will be a factor. Do they consider aggregate marks or marks/class awarded by university in Degree certificate.
Regards,
Sachin
Reply
Sir.
I HAVE APPEARED GMAT IN NOV15 and got only 620 .My tofel score is 109  .I am working with buliding automation company as product owner for last 3 years, with BTECH background .Is it wise to apply for SAUDER SCHOOL for product management with this score or reappear for gmat.
pl advice
Joy
Reply
I have completed mechanical engineering and have 3.5 yrs experience in sales and marketing. I am planning for an mba or executive mba .i will be giving my IELTS in coming week. Please suggest me some reputed colleges in canada where i can apply without GRE or GMAT score. Or else also suggest if i should proceed with GRE or GMAT.
Reply
Hi My Name is Ankit Shukla, I Have an MS in FInance from Ireland, And i have a work ex of total 2 years. I am Working with Royal Bank of Scotland at present. I am looking for an MBA programme which will be beneficial for me in the long term. Please advice me
Reply
Hello Swati/MBA Crystal Ball,
Do any of these Schools mentioned above provide non-cosigner loans to students who wish to pursue an MBA from CANADA ?
Thanks
Shubham
Reply
Interested to know which university can I join with my 640 gmat score for better job prospects
Reply
Hi Guys,
I have a work experience of almost 3 years in a technical Actuarial Science field but i am willing to opt for a MBA program from canada which have a good placement record.
Major problem is i did a Bsc Mathematics Hons 3 year degree from DU and scored 57% overall (45,55,69) which i feel is less compared to the requirements from some schools in canada. Can anyone suggest if this will become a hurdle for my application if i apply or suggest any great colleges which do consider Gmat score over degree grade?
Thanks in advance
Reply
Hello I am keyur from india I got 6 bands in ietls with each 5.5 and 6 and I want to do mba in marketing management.can I get admission I am through out english.
Reply
Hi sir..I have completed my BE -EE  with 7.81 CGPA  & have nearly 2 yrs of experience as sales & service engineer.I wish to persue MBA in Canada. Plz suggest me some good universities and their cutoffs.
Waiting for us reply. Regards.
Vrushal Gurjar
Reply
I have completed my Graduation in BSc(Hons) Mathematics with 62% MARKS can i get admission into MBA in canada and having IELTS band 6.5
Reply
I have completed my B.TECH from SRM University chennai, presently i am working in Cognizant at Pune and having jst 1 yr of experience.Whta marks and Profile addons are required to get admisson in top 10 Universities at Canada and offcourse How many marks in GMAT and TOEFL? CGPA 7.1
Reply
What is the minimum graduation percentage for getting admission in mba in canada
Reply
I had a backlog of 1 year in my B.Sc. IT. Also, I have done my M.Sc. IT where I have over all more than 70% without backlogs. I am willing to do MBA from Canada. Will my master degree marks be considered by the university? Or the graduation marks will be considered?
Reply
Below is my work ex & qualifications. Please advise what options do I have. I want to pursue an MBA from Canada.
1. Engineering graduate.(First class with distinction)
2. 6+ yeas of work ex in a steel manufacturing MNC.
3. IELTS score : 7.5
4. GMAT score: 690
Please advise, in which colleges do I stand good chances of getting an admit. My prefrences are Queen’s, Rotman, Schulich, and Sauder.
Thanks,
Reply
I recently completed my graduation in BBA and now i have applied in thompson rivers university for MBA as i dont have work experience and i have not even given GMAT. I need to know that is it a good university and value of degree as compared to collages and other university ? Please do reply asap !
Reply
MBA programs that don’t require work experience or GMAT scores don’t rank very high in the eyes of employers.
Also, going in as a fresher into any international management program means that you are less likely to be able to appreciate the practical nature of the course.
Reply
Ii have completed my graduation in bachelor in social science with 72% marks and post graduation in pol science with 62% marks in 2013. I have experience of teaching in school and college. Can I get admission in mba from canada?
Reply
I have completed BBA LL.b. in 2016 with 64% and currently i am working in finance Industry in a very good profile. I would like to know if I am eligible for MBA(finance) degree in some good college in canada.
Reply
I am Mohammed Abdun Noor; a Bangladesh citizen completed M.A. in History with Honours from the University of Chittagong. Now I intend to complete MBA from a well established Canada University.
Reply
Hi,
Great article. However, I have a couple of questions. I hear that the 1 year MBA programs  have a disadvantage as the students wouldn’t be able to get a 3-year work permit post graduation. Can you throw some light on this information? and also what about the Early entry i.e, Jan or March. Would that be a challenging factor when a student is searching for jobs?
Reply
Hi
I am a B.Tech student and will graduate in may 2017. I wanted to know about the corporate residency MBA at Dalhousie University Canada. I dont have any work experience as i am yet to graduate and dalhousie is the only one that takes freshers according to me. Can you suggest some other colleges in canada that are better than dalhousie and that take freshers.
Regards
Abhimanyu Singh Dhapola
Reply
Hi!
I came from the Philippines and a hopeful professional to study MBA in Canada. I have previous work related to Banking and Finance. I graduated from Silliman University with Bachelors Degree Major in Management, I have had almost 2 years working in a private bank and 1 year in the Government Bank. I am planning to proceed my studies in Canada but what would be the factor in getting admitted to the school?
Thank you for your time. God speed!
Reply
which school is better , Haskayne Ted rogers or John Molson, i have admit from all three of them
Reply
is ryerson university a good one for mba ?
Reply
I am an ACCA affiliate. I have no bachelor degree. will I be able to pursue MBA in Canada ?
Reply
Leave a Comment
Cancel reply
Comment
Name
Email
Website
Δ