SOURCE: https://www.mbacrystalball.com/business-school/kellogg/
SCRAPED: 2026-03-25T23:26:15.696517+00:00
============================================================

How to get into Kellogg School of Management - MBA Crystal Ball
Skip to content
MBA applicant? Get a
Reality Check
right now
Free MBA Profile Evaluation
How to get into the Kellogg School of Management
Read this article first to understand what the Kellogg School of Management has to offer in a nutshell.
Kellogg Facts and Statistics
One Class of 2012 MBA graduate describes the Kellogg student as smart, curious, and passionate about understanding what people around him or her care about, and keen to find out how those things fit together and create a community of leaders.
Another student, from the MBA Class of 2013, says the Kellogg program is truly collaborative. While on five classes in a semester, she was on five different teams with five diverse individuals, and learnt a lot from her team mates, she says.
Kellogg offers both a one-year full-time MBA program and a two-year full-time program. The two-year program is the most extensive, and gives the full experience. Many of the students are career changers. The USP of the program is the summer internship opportunity. The one-year program is suitable for people who have already achieved a certain level of coursework in their undergraduate or graduate work. Although some of them are career changers, many go back to their previous employer or stay in the same industry.
Kellogg takes the “fundamentals first” approach to its general management curriculum. A strong foundation is laid through the required courses after which the student can choose subjects of choice. About 19 different concentrations are available, from analytical finance to brand management. The student is not limited to one major, and many students graduate with three or more.
–
Life at Kellogg during MBA and after graduation
The importance of fit
Fit is an important consideration at Kellogg, part of the Northwestern University. It is not about one element at the school that a student is comfortable with but a combination of different elements. Students are at ease with who they are, and this helps them to be both collaborative and good leaders. They can take initiative, but they can also listen and persuade. They also tend to be people that are fun to be with. Kellogg wants to see whether the applicant has these qualities and the questions in the application, essays, and the interview are intended to find this out.
What type of applicants meet with success? Kellogg students generally have a high personal impact and a very high intellectual capacity and curiosity. They have leadership skills but are also comfortable with being a member of a team and letting other people lead them. Successful applications are not only well-grounded but also well-rounded.
It is really important when you’re writing application to show how you’re unique, and how you can bring a different perspective to the community, according to a double-degree student at Kellogg who hosts a show on MBA Pod TV. It is a good idea to meet or speak to the maximum Kellogg students or alumni so that you can so that you can understand what it is that “makes Kellogg people tick,” says another student.
“Lone rangers need not apply,” warns an admissions expert, speaking about the team spirit and the collaborative nature of the program. Kellogg is looking for team players and relationship builders, people with initiative and community involvement. Of course, you also need to be academically and intellectually bright and efficient.
–
MBA reapplicant and waitlist strategy – Kellogg admit
How to tackle the Kellogg MBA essays
One of the hardest part in the application process is writing the essays. Applicants should write what they think the admissions people want to read. You should express who you are and what’s unique about you. If you try to second-guess the admissions committee, chances are that you will sound similar to a lot of applications.
Kellogg essays give applicants a chance to bring out different aspects of their background and personality. Kellogg first asks the goals question as they want students to contribute from Day One. If you know why you are at Kellogg, you are likely to know how you can benefit yourself and also how you can benefit the school.
The second question from Kellogg is about your leadership ability, and you should show them how, where and when you have demonstrated your leadership skills. Don’t forget to highlight its impact.
The third question asks you to evaluate yourself, and you have to show you have the maturity and the self-awareness to understand your own strengths and weaknesses.
Finally, the fourth question asks you to put forward not what Kellogg wants to know but what you want Kellogg to know about yourself, such as a unique aspect of your personality that the rest of the application might not have captured.
Applicants sometimes make the mistake of not strongly linking their short-term goals to their long-term goals. There is also sometimes a mismatch in the career vision stated in the essays and the one stated in the interviews. Some good soul-searching is required by the applicant to find out what he wants to make of his career and why he wants to do an MBA.
Your personal story should come through to the admissions officers, and how it might fit into the greater Kellogg ecosystem. You should be able to tell a clear story about how you might contribute to the Kellogg community.
Kellogg looks for those who are ready to take risks and keen to improve themselves and their communities. You should show the admissions committee that you are ready to step out of your comfort zone and accept chances that help you to grow professionally and personally. How do you plan to make use of Kellogg’s resources to become “growth-minded”?
Kellogg wants people who have the collaborative spirit but also a low ego and high ambition. They want students who can work in a team and also show leadership. Among the sample essay from questions are the following: (1) Tell us about a time when you have demonstrated leadership and created lasting value? What challenges did you face, and what did you learn? (2) How have you grown in the past? How do you intend to grow at Kellogg? The essays should be 450 words each.
Before you begin, prepare. Strategize about what you’re going to say. Answer the questions properly without going overboard with information about yourself. Always keep in mind your goals when you answer the questions. Say why you need the Kellogg MBA. Stay honest, mature, and modest. Show the admissions committee that you are a well-rounded person with your education, your interests, and your activities. Don’t make your application sound as if it has been recycled from another sent to a different school.
GMAT & GPA requirements for Kellogg
A Quoran says that a GMAT score of 720 and above, an undergrad GPA of 3.3, and some good work experience that shows that you have managed increased responsibilities are the key.
The average GMAT score at Kellogg is 724 and the GMAT range 650 to 740. The average score has jumped from the range of 715-716, which means that the competition to get into Kellogg is getting hotter, and so aspirants should focus and study harder for their GMAT.
Writing your Kellogg application
It is a good idea to start writing your applications about five months in advance. The time is not for actually filling out your application but for visiting campuses, meeting alums, talking to the admissions department, and visiting information sessions and fairs. You will be better prepared if you do all of that.
What will you need to apply? Your resume, two essays, recommendation letters, GMAT/GRE score, TOEFL (if applicable), online application, undergraduate degree transcripts, GPA, extracurriculars. Stating your professional goals and networking with alumni are helpful. Use the optional third essay only if you require it or to address an important concern, such as a low GPA or a gap in employment.
What will strengthen your application? Good company names, company descriptions, especially if the companies are not known the world over but are great names in their own countries, impressive tasks that you have managed, accomplishments, honors, and awards.
Mention your goals, too. Think about your dream career. How does an MBA from Kellogg help you reach your goals? What is unique about the school that you think will equip you with the skills that you require. Connect with your past experience. Say why you’re confident that you will meet with success.
Networking is an important part of getting into a school of Kellogg’s caliber. Connect with Kellogg people. Use LinkedIn to find alumni organizations and members, go to MBA fairs, contact club members, write to professors with questions, and try to visit campuses if possible.
Recommendation letters
Choose your recommenders carefully. Usually two are required. Think of your qualities that will be emphasized by each recommender. The recommendations are best when they speak of specific qualities about you, when your recommenders use real-life situations to explain why they think you are a great candidate.
Extracurriculars
Mention a range of activities to show that you’re indeed well-rounded. Narrate the situations where you showed your leadership skills and your teamwork capabilities. Show that you care for your community and are keen on making a difference.
Perfect your social media profile
Improve your online presence, particularly your LinkedIn profile, because the admissions committee may see it. They may search for you online and read your social-media profiles to form a first opinion. Emphasize your interests and your teamwork and leadership skills.
Sample interview questions for Kellogg MBA
Tell me about yourself.
What are your short-term and long term goals?
Give an example of your leadership/teamwork capabilities.
Why Kellogg?
What can you bring to Kellogg?
Any questions for me (interviewer)?
Get professional help
Working with MBA Crystal Ball can help you reduce the risks resulting from a trial-and-error approach that most applicants fall prey. Our MBA consultants have many years of experience and a track record of helping applicants from varied backgrounds get into the top business schools. Send us an email and we’ll let you know how we can help: info [at] mbacrystalball [dot] com
–
Life during and after an M7 MBA: From Kellogg to McKinsey