24 Darden Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews Darden Reviews MBA Program rating [24] (4.8) Submit a review March 04, 2023 ArtMac Joined: Jun 03, 2020 Posts: 4 Kudos: 2 Verified GMAT Classic score: 690 Q47 V38 Darden 24 REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for UVA Darden Program Full Time MBA Class of 2024 Experience during the program The school has a great access to the top Investment Banks and Consulting firms (MBBs). The non disclosure grade policy greatly benefits students to manage academics during recruiting season and the fact that all firms come down to Charlottesville is a big plus, and competitive advantage versus other schools. There is very strong culture within the school, and the resources to be successful during recruiting are student led, having great access to 2nd years. There is an opportunity to grow in careers outside IB and Consulting, for example in PE or VC, but that is something specific to the industry as it almost always requires prior experience and that is not the profile of Darden students. It is hard to argue against the quality and experience of Darden MBA. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Investment Banking Management Can be improved: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 29, 2023 MaliFri Joined: Aug 03, 2020 Posts: 43 Kudos: 15 Self-reported Score: 680 Q42 V41 720 Q49 V40 Amazing school - but brace yourself for the core REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for UVA Darden Program Full Time MBA Class of 2024 Experience during the program UVA Darden is an amazing school and I do consider I couldn't have made a better choice (I chose it among 4 schools). Below, I'll quickly outline some points that, hopefully, will help you to make your decision (I hope it's also coming to Darden!): a) Community: the community here at Darden is all it says it is and beyond. I had support even before the MBA, and people here are truly willing to help each other. Moreover, the AdCom does a great job in selecting candidates, what will give you the opportunity to make great friendships with people from lots of different countries. Finally, being 03 quarters together (length of the core curriculum) helps a lot in bonding. Regarding PARTNERS, everyone should know that Darden is 100% partner friendly - partners can do EVERYTHING students can, except attending to all classes because of the case-method; b) Location: there's no way to improve on location, since we currently use UVA's facilities - highlighting here that UVA campus is an UNESCO World Heritage Site. However, the city is indeed 02 hours away from DC, where the best flights depart from. I know, that's not a long time, but in an ideal world, Cville would be closer to a good airport (yes, there's Richmond's, but this is much more limited than DC's). The city is great, with lots of green area, wineries and places for hiking around - stores usually close, however, considerably early. If you'd like to have a unique experience at the countryside, come here! If you'd prefer being in a big city as NY/LA, just think whatever is more important to you; c) Career opportunities: year after year, Darden NAILS the recruitment in Consulting/IB. Of course, lots of people also do well in careers as GMO/Tech, but I'd highlight the first ones mentioned. You'll have lots of support to reach your goals and the school brand is very well known for having prepared students; d) Professors: another great point for Darden - its Faculty has been named the best one in US Business Schools for lots of years in a row. All Professors are very friendly and can be quickly reached if you need to talk about anything; e) Curriculum: in Darden's core curriculum, you'll have Accounting, Finance, Marketing, Leadership, Decision Analysis, Operations, Strategy, Economics and Ethics. That's great, because you'll have a basis for your business knowledge, being able to select electives from Q4 (there's a bunch of them, including in very modern topics as the metaverse). Attention: be prepared - during the core, you have an average of 03 cases/day, and that can be A LOT (even though we don't have classes on Friday). I'd even say that Darden's academics go a bit over the ideal in that point, giving its students a high workload during core. A point to highlight here is also the CASE-METHOD, something that attracts a lot of people to Darden - it'll help you to develop your public speaking skills, as your quick logical thinking; f) Facilities: the facilities are great! Beautiful campus and great structure; CONCLUSION: Darden is an awesome school, with great professors, a very collaborative community, a bunch of social activities and that will definitely open the doors you need to land your dream job. The only drawbacks will be a) being in Charlottesville (it's not really a drawback - the city is great and have nice stuff to do, but you'll be 2 hours away from a decent airport and it has the limitations of a small city, AND b) the workload of the core - it'll open the career doors you want, but it will be a lot, mainly during Q1 and Q2. About professors, classes and curriculum Best Faculty by Princeton Review several years in a row About job placement process Job placement for consulting/IB is VERY high Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Location Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 28, 2023 asbaj Joined: May 19, 2020 Posts: 54 Kudos: 15 Verified GMAT Classic score: 740 Q50 V39 (Online) Indian Engineer Male at T-10 School REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for UVA Darden Program Full Time MBA Class of 2024 Experience during the program Darden does a great job of finding talented students from across the world and putting them through an academically rigorous program where everyone is motivated to contribute and work hard. The alumni network is strong, and alumni are passionate about helping newcomers to break into their intended fields. Career support is great for consulting and IB, however, tech lacks behind peer schools. The career support is also augmented by clubs, which do a great job of prepping future consultants and bankers; the tech club has improved its role from the previous years but is inconsistent in support. Charlottesville is a nice city to go to school in and is well-connected with DC and Richmond. The fall is the most beautiful time of the year and there are many hiking spots and activities to do around the city. The major challenge for the program is balancing the high pressure of academics with other commitments - health and wellbeing, recruiting, personal relationships, hobbies, etc. - you cannot have it all. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Brand/Ranking Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 30, 2018 sm0512 Joined: Sep 22, 2014 Posts: 8 Kudos: 6 Self-reported Score: 760 Q50 V42 The Premium MBA REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for UVA Darden Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program The Darden MBA is a carefully thought-out and well-crafted MBA program that seeks to provide genuine professional and personal development opportunities to each student. The quality of the professors is top-notch, the classroom experience is top-notch, recruiting opportunities are comparable to other top schools. Plus Charlottesville is a dream city to live in. This was business school with a purpose. Drawbacks include a non-ideal location (although most big companies make it to campus) and career services department that is in flux right now. The focus on teamwork, integrity and leadership were all aspects of the program that will stay with me as an alumnus. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Location Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment June 04, 2017 emilywhite1987 Joined: May 13, 2014 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Recent alum review REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for UVA Darden Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Students, alums and network are great. Alums are very invested in the school and helping current students. Curriculum is 100% case method, which is a great way to learn. For those who aren't necessarily comfortable speaking up, it's a great way to push yourself out of your comfort zone. Location creates a great atmosphere. Recruiting is very structured for traditional paths such as banking and consulting. Career development could be more helpful for career changers who don't know what they want to do. If future students are not interested in either, it may require more effort to think about what you want to do prior to starting class and developing a plan for getting there. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Investment Banking Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 30, 2017 msully74 Joined: Jun 24, 2010 Posts: 2 Kudos: 0 Darden REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for UVA Darden Program Full Time MBA Class of 2014 Experience during the program Darden at UVA is a fantastic program with highly engaged student body focused on learning and experienced professors focused on your individual growth (not their own research and writing). The Darden case study approach is far superior to other teaching methods. The facilities are simply amazing. The alumni network is incredibly strong, with nearly all alumni willing to take your cold call. The program lends itself well to students interested in consulting, finance, and general management. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Darden and have no doubt that, if you are looking for an engaging and intensive curriculum, you will as well. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Management Can be improved: Student body, diversity Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 29, 2017 Toews2Kane Joined: Jan 11, 2012 Posts: 11 Kudos: 7 Self-reported Score: 730 Proud Darden alum REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for UVA Darden Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program Darden was not only a great business school experience, it was two of the best years in my life. Darden was fantastic in three specific aspects: recruiting, the educational experience, and the culture / student body. I recruited consulting, and looking back I didn't realize how strong Darden's consulting recruiting actually is. I was fortunate to go to a top-tier firm, but I think people incorrectly believe that is the exception and not the norm at Darden. I would say 45+ people in my class went to MBB, which is strong for a class of ~320 people. I can't directly compare Darden's education experience to any other school, but I can say that I do believe the rumors to be correct that Darden's experience is more challenging than most if not all other schools. Looking back, I find this to be tremendous because it means that my actual time spent in the classroom was impactful, and I do fully believe that it has prepared me well for my career post-Darden. Lastly, Darden's student body was just fantastic. I think that most business school student bodies are probably relatively similar; however, what differentiates Darden is that being located in Charlottesville, the students become incredibly close because they are truly each other's best friends. This was a fantastic experience. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Investment Banking Management Can be improved: Admissions Team Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 29, 2017 seyitbek Joined: Feb 04, 2012 Posts: 0 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 710 Q48 V40 I loved my professors & classmates. Wish I could stay for another 2 years REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for UVA Darden Program Full Time MBA Class of 2015 Experience during the program I did not have high expectations from the school when I went for a school visit. Actually, I would have never visited the school if they did not require everyone applying from USA to come for an onsite interview. The day started with an early interview. Prior to the interview I chatted with current students who made me at ease. But what really helped me what was the great breakfast that all candidates could mince on as they waited. I still remember the high quality, natural muffins and doughnuts. The interview itself was super pleasant because it was more of a conversation then a grilling to find my weak spots. The clock quickly ticked by to 45 minutes. I really enjoyed my time. I still remember my interviewers name and am grateful to him for the pleasant experience he gave me. I just checked his LinkedIn profile. He is doing well at Microsoft. My two years were - in 1 word- amazing! I loved my professors. They actually teach. Not just read off their notes and get out of the class. I could visit any of them after class. Everything we learned was case based. It was super interesting. My classmates were cool guys too. Some complained that people divide up into racial groups. But I did not really notice it until someone pointed it out to me. But I think this happens because we just like to hang out with our own kind. If there was one thing that I could do if I could go back is hang out more with my classmates and sit less at home and watch Netflix. I miss my classmates right now. A lot of the connections and friendships from first year stay for second year. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Location Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Facilities Best fit at this program: Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 29, 2017 Rws2105 Joined: May 29, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Great People and Great Cases REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@darden.virginia.edu [?] This review is for UVA Darden Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program I was a career switcher and definitely thrived here, thanks to the case method and some amazing peers. The case method forces you to be on top of things and really learn the material. Despite all the hype about the work hard culture, Darden is NOT as impossibly hard as advertised -- just stay on top of your stuff and don't expect career services to hold your hand and you'll be fine (workload is heavy but not obscene). Your peers are very bright but down to earth. No egos here. The interview is more like a monologue; the admissions counselor will ask you only one or two questions and you'll do most of the talking. About professors, classes and curriculum I was a finance concentrator and was generally impressed with the finance faculty - they're definitely underrated. First year Core will prepare you well for the summer. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Brand/Ranking Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) General Management Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Tech Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Facilities Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 29, 2017 kacolema Joined: Feb 27, 2011 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Darden is phenomenal! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for UVA Darden Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Darden provides a well-rounded business school experience where classmates care about each other's success, recruiters deeply respect the brand, professors are deeply committed to teaching and interacting outside of class on a social level, and cases keep you sharp by preparing you to learn the basics and to deal with ambiguity on the job. If you're seeking top MBA programs, Darden is definitely worth a visit. The concerns I hear about Darden from prospective students are usually two-fold. I'll address them in turn below: (Q1) How will I be able to learn finance and other technical skills through the case method? (A1) Quant-heavy cases come with "technical notes" that teach you the requisite skills and knowledge you need to complete the main case. Additionally, Darden's cycle of learning (self prep, first-year assigned learning team/second-year optional study teams, and class time) gives you multiple opportunities to dive deeply into the topic. (Q2) Is the school's location a drawback for recruiting? (A2) No, we have top employers come to Grounds just as you'd expect from a top 10 MBA program. Additionally, many employers significantly diminish or eliminate MBA recruiting travel requirements and instead come to Grounds to meet with us. Lastly, many recruiters are Darden alumni who love Charlottesville, and it's a significant advantage to Darden MBAs who don't have to compete with traveling candidates from other top programs to stand out. About professors, classes and curriculum We regularly interact with our professors on and off Grounds. It's not uncommon to have dinners and other gatherings in their homes throughout the years. It's truly a community here. About job placement process We place well across industries and geographies. An expansive amount of opportunities are available on Grounds, but some off-Grounds recruiting is a must for some roles / industries. If you're in the typical IB / Consulting recruiting then you'll easily have access to all employers on Grounds through a highly regimented process as it likely is across all top MBA programs. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 3 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules