34 Booth Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews Booth Reviews MBA Program rating [34] (4.9) Submit a review February 05, 2023 clueless20 Joined: May 30, 2020 Posts: 6 Kudos: 95 Verified GMAT Classic score: 740 Q49 V41 (Online) Two years will fly by REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for Booth (Chicago) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2023 Experience during the program Business school has been a life changing experience for me. I found great friends, traveled the world, landed a great job, and was exposed to opportunities that I never would have been before. The student body has been incredibly supportive - at first I thought Booth's "pay it forward" motto was all a marketing ploy, but after living it, it's very real. The alumni network is vast and impressive, and I've been able to leverage connections for introductions and interviews. The classes have been both challenging and rewarding, and I've really enjoyed Booth's curriculum flexibility. For incoming students, I would recommend listing your goals of bschool before starting, because once school starts it's easy to get overwhelmed. I would also recommend spending some serious time considering your post-graduation goals, because recruiting starts once school does and I was not prepared for that. Most importantly, I'd recommend being open to new opportunities and trying things that are brand new to you! Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Alumni Network Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Facilities Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 4 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment December 23, 2020 sarcophilus Joined: Jul 26, 2018 Posts: 10 Kudos: 9 Verified GMAT Classic score: 760 Q49 V46 Great school, not so great pandemic REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for Booth (Chicago) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2021 Experience during the program Booth is a fantastic school for those who have a very clear sense of what they want to do. Between the flexible curriculum, ability to take classes in both the Harper and Gleacher center, and the strengths in a wide variety of subjects, the school is a great place for independent people and those who are naturally outgoing. However the school's strengths are also its drawbacks, namely there is not a very strong cohort system, and so one has to really go the extra mile to get to know ones classmates. As somebody who was transitioning sectors within finance, I found that the classes and brand helped immensely. I was able to secure a private equity internship without any prior banking experience. Advice I would give to future applicants: you should seriously consider Booth, it's a fantastic school and the "where fun goes to die" adage does not apply to the business school, only the undergraduate college. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Facilities Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Tech Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Culture & Student Support Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment August 18, 2020 butchmil Joined: May 05, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 1 Verified GMAT Classic score: 760 Q51 V42 Excellent but not unique REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for Booth (Chicago) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2020 Experience during the program Booth is a "create your own adventure" type business school. There's no cohort structure, and there's tons of freedom when choosing classes. This school is great for those who thrive with this unstructured academic and social approach. The school gets all the basics right. Career services are good, and classes by and large are good. Banking, consulting, investment management and all the basic career paths are strong here. We also have private equity/venture capital too but it's a little harder to break into. The one area which was disappointing, and why I could not give it a perfect rating, is the culture of the school. The culture isn't bad, but I do not believe it is as advertised. The school markets itself as a very intellectual, rigorous place. In my experience, there was a lot of platitudes and I never heard anything really interesting or thought-provoking. To the extent this culture exists, it's in the PhD program and academics, Booth's true strength area. The MBA program culture was pretty typical yuppie as far as I could tell. About professors, classes and curriculum Booth seems to have a strong presence in analytics, so if that's an area of interest the school is definitely worth checking out. About job placement process A lot of people end up having to do a "specialized search", meaning going for companies that do not recruit on campus. If you're looking for traditional big MBA employers like banking, consulting and tech, on-campus is fine. But most corporations, even some very large ones in the Chicagoland area, do not recruit at Booth directly. So if you're looking to work in a corporate function in Chicago post-graduation, that's something to be prepared for. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Location Facilities Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Can be improved: Student body, diversity Culture & Student Support Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment December 12, 2017 randyjohnparis Joined: Dec 12, 2017 Posts: 7 Kudos: 4 Self-reported Score: 710 Q43 V43 2Y Entrepreneurship Focus with Govt/Non-Profit Background REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@chicagobooth.edu [?] This review is for Booth (Chicago) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program I had high expectations for Booth. The experience dramatically exceeded my expectations. I expected to learn a ton. But the amount and pace of learning blew me away. I expected awesome colleagues. Their deep kindness, altruism, wicked smartness blew me away. I expected a great entrepreneurship education. I got one of the world's best entrepreneurship education and incubator programs. Super super super the real deal. If you are looking for a program that holds your hand, Booth is not for you. At Booth, they put the weight on you to develop and drive your own experience. If you put energy into that, it's such a journey on which you'll grow more per day than anywhere else in your life. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Location Culture & Student Support Can be hard to run down important information Read More Helpful 4 Not Helpful 5 Post a comment August 28, 2017 stornetn Joined: Oct 16, 2016 Posts: 3 Kudos: 0 Fantastic REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@chicagobooth.edu [?] This review is for Booth (Chicago) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program Booth does not have quite the same reputation as the schools that typically precede it in most business school rankings (i.e., Harvard, Stanford, Wharton), but it should be considered every bit the equal of these programs. The faculty and curriculum are unmatched, and the philosophical approach to education is a serious draw. In addition, the school has considerably stepped up the financial aid it offers to students in the form of scholarships, and as a result it has eased the financial burden felt by many students in attending. Apply to Booth if you are serious about wanting to learn something during business school rather than coasting through and partying. The experiences you gain here will be extremely valuable throughout your subsequent career. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Can be improved: Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 3 Post a comment June 20, 2017 ryukbyun Joined: Jun 20, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Self-reported Score: 760 Q53 V56 Great school REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@chicagobooth.edu [?] This review is for Booth (Chicago) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2015 Experience during the program The mantra of the University of Chicago Booth School of Business is it’s all about the idea. Students focus on generating, analyzing, comparing, and refining ideas in order to elevate them to better ideas. The full-time MBA program consists of 20 classes plus Leadership Effectiveness and Development (LEAD). The flagship of the program is its flexible curriculum. Unlike many other top schools with lockstep first-year MBA programs, Booth does not require its MBAs to go through every class together. One key exception is the LEAD course, which all MBAs must take. However, by and large, students design a program tailored to fit their own career goals. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Alumni Network Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 2 Post a comment May 31, 2017 bkh Joined: May 31, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 B-School REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@chicagobooth.edu [?] This review is for Booth (Chicago) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Before coming to Booth, I was very aware of its reputation of "quant-y." Although I found this to be somewhat true as everyone I encountered was very smart and many were analytical. I found it very misleading to label an entire school under one umbrella. The people at Booth were for the most part, very well-rounded individuals, each with their own unique characteristics. As I spoke with my friends from other top business schools, like Kellogg, Wharton, or HBS, I thought it was insulting when they said everyone at my school was a "nerd" since that wasn't the case at all. I was and still am constantly impressed by the level of people I have met at Booth. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Finance Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 30, 2017 S2S Joined: Jan 01, 2012 Posts: 17 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 740 Q50 V41 A customized MBA experience REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Booth (Chicago) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2014 Experience during the program Every (successful) Booth applicant has likely heard about Booth's flexible curriculum, yet I can't stress enough how this "we'll treat you like an adult and let you make your own choices" philosophy can shape one's Booth experience. Personally, having worked in finance and completed the CFA program before Booth, I opted not to take the basic Investments and Accounting classes that would have been mandatory at peer institutions in favor of advanced finance (including PhD classes and a well-known bankruptcy/restructuring class at UChicago Law) and additional entrepreneurship coursework. I saw many classmates similarly take full advantage of the ability to pick and choose from a diverse course offerings to pursue their varied passion. This is not to say that academic is the dominant factor underlying a Booth experience; like other top MBA programs, we spent large chunks of our time exploring career options, preparing for and going through interviews, traveling, and of course, partying. But one shall not ignore how much whom you meet IN the classroom shape your MBA experience. I was fortunate to meet and become good friends with "Boothies" in my class as well as the classes immediately above and immediately below mine, many of which came from a wide variety of fascinating backgrounds. I became a better person because of knowing them. Last but not least, Chicago's relatively low cost-of-living and the fact that >80% of Booth students live right in the heart of Chicago (with an easy train commute to school) mean that we all had a great time! Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Tech Can be improved: Student body, diversity Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 29, 2017 tonkacheetoh Joined: May 29, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Review REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@chicagobooth.edu [?] This review is for Booth (Chicago) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Depending on the area of focus/industry you are interested in, the school offers different sets of resources. For example, if you are interested in investment banking or consulting, there is a wealth of resources (current students, alumni, clubs) that are available to help pursue an internship or job in these areas. However, if you are interested in some of the less common professions like marketing or PE, then much more of the onus is put on you to guide your search. Booth still makes great efforts to help in these areas but it still lacks in comparison to others. I would suggest coming into business school with a purpose and an idea of what industry/profession you want to pursue. Although the school does a great job of providing background in most areas, do your homework before coming in to get the most out of the resources provided. There are great social aspects that add to your experience, but not enough to justify the high price that business school costs. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Best fit at this program: Finance Investment Banking Can be improved: Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 26, 2017 chbj Joined: Dec 04, 2014 Posts: 3 Kudos: 7 Self-reported Score: 750 Q50 V40 Great MBA experience at Chicago Booth REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Booth (Chicago) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Chicago Booth was extremely helpful for my career and the program fully met my expectations. The student culture at Booth is amazing and students are very collaborative. Paying-it-forward is an important part of the mentality and students go to great lengths to help their classmates. Many students take leadership roles in student groups and help organize activities outside of school. The academic experience is of highest quality and the flexible curriculum allows students to tailor the experience to their needs. Booth offers the option to take classes with world-class faculty but also offers opportunities for experiential learning in lab classes and internships. Students get flexibility and can choose between classes at the University of Chicago campus or at Booth's downtown Chicago facility. Career services is highly professional and well-connected to industry. Firms recruit on-campus at modern interview facilities. All the major firms from key MBA industries (Consulting, Investment Banking, Tech) recruit talent from Chicago Booth. Chicago is a great location for an MBA degree. The city offers all the restaurants and culture of a major city and has many interesting neighborhoods. Housing prices are affordable in comparison to other major cities with many housing options in modern high-rise apartment buildings downtown. The city is also well connected with direct flights to many cities in the U.S. and across the globe – very helpful for recruiting or leisure travel. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Tech Can be improved: Admissions Team Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 3 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 4 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules