20 Columbia Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews Columbia Reviews MBA Program rating [20] (4.5) Submit a review March 13, 2024 Rain-H Joined: Mar 12, 2024 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Great School REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@columbia.edu [?] This review is for CBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2021 Experience during the program Columbia does not just teach business; it immerses you in it. The professors here are not just academics; they're real-world professionals who bring their firsthand experiences into the classroom. This approach made the lessons much more relatable and practical. They were always available for advice and genuinely cared about our success, which made a huge difference in my education. What stands out most to me, though, is the community at Columbia. My classmates came from all over the world, each bringing unique perspectives that enriched our discussions and widened my understanding of global business. These relationships turned into a powerful network that has supported me professionally and personally beyond graduation. The curriculum is challenging but incredibly rewarding, blending traditional business education with the latest trends and ethical considerations. It prepared me not just to enter the business world but to lead in it with integrity and vision. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Investment Banking Can be improved: Facilities Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment October 19, 2017 tiger66 Joined: Sep 24, 2017 Posts: 17 Kudos: 9 At the heart of business REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@gsb.columbia.edu [?] This review is for Program Class of 2016 Experience during the program I had a choice between HBS, Columbia and MIT. I chose Columbia for two reasons : one I wanted to be in Manhattan, the financial capital of the world and two HBS was going way over my budget. I had attended some programs at HBS earlier and I knew that while case method is very interactive and interesting but at the same time it leaves you yearning for some basic concepts and learning. Columbia was the right choice, it combined best of learning with humdrum of NYC. Location gives it solid advantage in terms of best of visitors who give you real insights in business and then you can really learn. Another great thing at Columbia is the research that is being carried out. You will learn a lot! About professors, classes and curriculum Professors are solid and you will really love some the classes particularly on negotiations and operations. About job placement process All major banks and corporations are at the campus Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Location Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Admissions Team Read More Helpful 4 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment June 06, 2017 ronnock Joined: Oct 31, 2014 Posts: 4 Kudos: 7 Self-reported Score: 740 Q49 V45 760 Q50 V41 Mission Accomplished at CBS REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for CBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program I went to Columbia to get hired at an MBB consulting firm, and that's ultimately what happened, so I can certainly say the school met my expectations and goals. A few random thoughts about the school from a recent graduate: FACILITIES They suck. However, a brand new campus will be completed soon(ish), and that should solve that problem. One thing I didn't appreciate about CBS is since the school is located literally in Manhattan, it's much more difficult (and orders of magnitude more expensive) to construct new buildings, so this issue ultimately gets a pass from me. COMMUNITY Kellogg and Fuqua seem to have a lock on the community rep, but I think that CBS should be included in that conversation. Even with the myriad distractions in NYC (more on that below), CBS students have an incredibly strong connection to each other and the school. If I wanted to fill up every night of the week with club and social events purely with CBSers, it'd be very easy to do. The generally held viewpoint that CBS is internally extremely competitive and cutthroat is completely false. CHOICE This is something that I've always emphasized to prospective students: more than anything, CBS is about choice. Between academics, clubs, social events, networking, coffee chats, internships (in school and summer), mentoring, and the general distractions of NYC, there's always something to pull you in a different direction. Some of my classmates held essentially full-time jobs in Connecticut, others had three kids in Long Island, and others could always be counted on to be in Watson (the library) when not in class. Some were club kids who were constantly jet-setting, and others were at every single on campus event. The really nice aspect of this is that you could be part of one of these groups one week and another the next - the fluidity and frequency of events were strengths. After the core curriculum, academics is literally a choose-your-own-adventure, with no majors or departmental requirements to fulfill. A caveat here: if you're the type of person who needs more hand-holding and structure to your MBA experience, you may feel more lost at CBS. Those with a strong sense of self-direction and motivation tend to be more successful. About job placement process Of the big three placements (consulting, finance, tech), CBS excels in two of them and performs reasonably well in tech - all the big firms are on campus and seems like half my friends are going to Amazon. If you're not going into one of the bigger industries, your career search will have to be much more self-driven. From a consulting perspective, CBS is amazing. I'm speaking from a biased perspective, as I was on the board of the Management Consulting Association and gave 100+ cases to first years, but the MCA is well-recognized as one of the best MBA consulting clubs for a reason. I was exposed to easily over a dozen top consulting firms with minimal effort on my own part, and formed solid relationships with recruiters and alumni at virtually all of them. Second year students actively help prep and recruit first years, and the recruiting atmosphere is collegiate and encouraging without being overly competitive. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Location Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Facilities Admissions Team Read More Helpful 8 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment December 24, 2017 zeyneppektoylan Hello thanks for useful insight. Just one question are you a us citizen? The reason I am asking is because I heard that is is much harder nowadays to find sponsor in NY for top management consultant firms like bcg? Do you have any information about that? Thanks in advance May 31, 2017 cynthsk Joined: Dec 11, 2011 Posts: 2 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 760 Q48 V46 Best of all worlds at Columbia! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for CBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2014 Experience during the program I was happily impressed by the close-knit, collaborative, and supportive culture at Columbia Business School. The school's unparalleled location and opportunities across all industries makes it an obvious choice for those looking for and a fun and rewarding experience along with brand recognition and location. The alumni network is top-notch, and I never would have encountered the number of post-MBA opportunities I have without it. Columbia helped me achieve all of my post-MBA goals and I would not have been as happy or as satisfied at any other business school. Columbia Business School really is the best of all worlds! Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Location Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Facilities Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 25, 2017 HumbleAp Joined: Oct 23, 2012 Posts: 0 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 770 CBS: Location, Location, Location REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for CBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2015 Experience during the program Columbia Business School is an excellent choice, especially for those pursuing finance jobs in New York. There is a huge alumni network and the school places well at all the top investment banks and other finance roles. When it comes to finding other opportunities, though, people can have a very different experience. For example, in my year it seemed as if most of the people recruiting for consulting did not land jobs in that industry. People recruiting for other, less standard, career paths also had a more difficult time than they might have expected. Academic experiences can vary greatly by class. I had a couple that I thought were a little useful but most were a waste of time. Overall, I think CBS does a good job of teaching the basics of accounting and corporate finance but don't expect to get much more than that. CBS is good if you want to go to B school in NY and stay in the city after. Two years after graduation, most of my friends are still in the city. This is helpful to keep professional and personal relationships. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Location Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Facilities Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 11, 2017 gravedigger Joined: May 13, 2015 Posts: 20 Kudos: 9 Verified GMAT Classic score: 760 Q50 V41 At the very center of business REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for CBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program Columbia offers the most dynamic global business, finance, and media and technology curricula. Columbia’s core curriculum could help you build a strong foundation in all areas of business, while the 200+ electives and 4,000+ graduate-level courses across Columbia University will allow you depth of understanding in your targeted areas. You will have the opportunity to engage with NYC-based industries to learn how they function. Columbia's Master Classes and Immersion Seminars will help you experience your desired industry in the NYC ecosystem. Only Columbia will offer you the opportunity to learn from the stalwarts of your industry. Columbia does offer a microcosm of diversity like no other program. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Location Admissions Team Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 2 Post a comment January 10, 2017 sunnysun33 Joined: Nov 04, 2014 Posts: 4 Kudos: 7 Best two years ever REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for CBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Till this day, I'm still amazed to learn the diverse background of my classmates and I really like the "CBS Matters" sessions, which gives everyone the opportunity to learn more about you and what leads to who you are today. Also the career support is tremendous. We have the best executives in residence here, who are all retired industry leaders such as the former CEO of Deloitte. Also we get support from second years who have gone through the entire process. CBS has a career fellow program where selected second years from various industries can meet and help the students in person. It's particularly helpful for those who would like to get hand-on experience in terms of interview process, internship experience, etc. About job placement process Almost every company I know recruit from CBS... lots of job opportunities posted on school career website everyday and strong alumni network to support the enterprise search students as well. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Facilities Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment December 13, 2016 edukredensir Joined: Jul 05, 2013 Posts: 55 Kudos: 13 Self-reported Score: 680 Q44 V39 720 Q49 V39 CBS MBA review REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for CBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Columbia Business School has a great MBA program if you want to either (i) leverage your career in finance, especially portfolio management; or (ii) want to land a job in NYC, in several industries, ranging from consulting to investment banking to start-ups. It may seem a little bit cliche, but the school does a tremendous job to create a network of professionals in NYC. Also, being in NYC makes it super easy for speakers to go to class. And since most of the professors are not just academic professors but also practitioners, the content of classes are very up to date of what is in the marketplace. On the negative side, I can mention the lack of classes in other areas other than finance, especially leadership. In later years the dean is increasing the focus on this particular area, but my feeling is that it is behind other schools such as HBS, Wharton, etc. The facilities (Uris Hall, the MCA building) are kind of old but, hopefully, by 2018 the new campus would be ready and we will see major improvements on that front. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (3.0) Strengths of the program: Career opportunities provided by school Location Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Best fit at this program: Finance Investment Banking Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Facilities Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment November 27, 2016 TheStriver Joined: Feb 19, 2012 Posts: 4 Kudos: 6 Self-reported Score: It's all about the location REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for CBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Columbia still primarily feels like a finance school, in terms of where the best professors and speakers are from. The school is trying to move away from that image, but could do a better job. It has the reputation of being a very competitive school, but I have found that to be largely untrue in my experience. My expectations of a diverse student body have been largely met. While New York is probably the school's biggest strength, at times it can be a distraction as well, for you and your classmates. The facilities are also due an upgrade. I would suggest that future applicants visit the school, at least if they live in the USA, to get a better sense of the culture. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Location Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Best fit at this program: Finance Investment Banking Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Facilities Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment November 26, 2016 MC15 Joined: Oct 02, 2013 Posts: 5 Kudos: 10 Self-reported Score: 680 Q42 V41 700 Q42 V44 Leveraging Location REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for CBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program Anyone that is considering Columbia is also likely considering a bunch of great schools that have many of the same positives; namely access to a great network, excellent professors, smart classmates, professional opportunities, and (everyone's favorite) Grade Non-Disclosure. From what I can tell there are 2 things that make Columbia stand out: New York City and finance classes/opportunities. I chose Columbia because it was a top 10 school (I didn't think anything less was really worth the investment) and I wanted to live in NY (mainly for personal reasons). However, after going I can say that I think there are a few other things that make Columbia awesome: - A surprising level of community, especially for a "city school." Orientation is definitely weighted towards the community side of things with a dash of academic and professional things scattered throughout, I think this is to make sure we have that community despite nobody really living on campus (not a lot of on campus housing, usually only goes to international students and a small set of west coasters). Throughout the year there are weekly happy hours on campus that are typically preceded by CBS Matters where 1-2 people from your cluster (~70 students you have all your core classes with) present about their life and what is important to them. CBS Matters is definitely my favorite thing about Columbia. In addition to on campus happy hour on Thursdays there is Rugby Happy Hour on Wednesdays at a bar a few subway stops away. It is open to the whole school, not just the rugby team (although I would highly recommend joining the rugby team because it's awesome), and usually has equal or better attendance than school-sponsored happy hour. - A ton of travelling. This is something I haven't done as much as many of my classmates, mainly because it can get really expensive/often eats into time I could be spending with my husband. However, there are TONS of opportunities to travel. In the summer before school starts a huge chunk of the school takes part in the "pre-MBA World Tour" which includes student-organized trips pretty much all over the world (I got to take part in the final leg in the Hamptons with about 200 classmates). Then over fall break every cluster organizes a trip, we went to the Dominican Republic (one of my clustermates is from there so he planned most of it) and during winter and spring break the school offers “Global Immersion” classes and study tours to a ton of different places (Israel, Japan, South Korea, India, and Argentina are usually offered) to tour companies and sights. I took a Global Immersion class in Madrid about the European Financial Crisis which included full days of speakers who experienced the crisis first hand and evenings seeing the city, eating a lot of great food, going out to clubs, and touring the soccer stadium. - NYC. I really only thought about this from a personal perspective coming in but it is a helpful resource since every industry and almost every big company has offices in NY you can find time to meet with people from any industry or company you might be interested in without having to plan your whole day or week around it. I took an immersion seminar last year where every Friday we visited a different consulting firm (BCG, Deloitte, PwC/Strategy&, and 10eqs) and there were a bunch of others offered too (big data, luxury goods, innovation). There are also conferences hosted on or near campus almost every week (I went to the media, marketing and women in business conferences). I just don't see those kind of things being possible outside of NY. There definitely are some downsides to Columbia as well... - Business school is expensive and NYC is expensive, put them together and you end up paying a painful amount of money. You pay a premium for being in NY for sure, so if you aren't getting value out of that location then you can probably get a lot of the positives of Columbia somewhere cheaper. - It is generally understood that our marketing professors aren’t very good. My core marketing class was painful and electives were generally taught by mediocre visiting professors – pretty disappointing when you see the industry legends teaching the finance courses. - The facilities are...for lack of a better word...bad. They are working on a new campus that should be opening around 2018 and so they aren't putting much work into the current one. It is small and below the standards I would expect from such a great school. Very few dining options and the library is pretty consistently overrun by undergrads. Tough answering whether it is worth it right out of school (especially for me since I am still on the job hunt). I would say that if you have a good sense of what you want to get out of it and you focus on that it will be worth it (but since priorities vary so much person to person it is also very easy to get distracted). Overall BSchool experience (3.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (3.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Location Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Finance Investment Banking Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Facilities Read More Helpful 6 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules