38 Yale Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews Yale Reviews MBA Program rating [38] (4.7) Submit a review February 04, 2023 paige3 Joined: Aug 16, 2020 Posts: 3 Kudos: 4 Self-reported Score: 710 Q46 V40 Worth the $$$ REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Yale Program Full Time MBA Class of 2023 Experience during the program As an untraditional business school candidate, I was worried about the culture of the school and did not want to end up at an unsupportive school full of shallow boring finance bros to whom I could not relate. I was so pleasantly surprised by my experience at Yale. My fellow students are the best part of the school. Every single one of them (even those few who might appear to be what I initially dreaded) is interesting and worth knowing. The vast majority of them are kind and helpful and caring. I have met some of my favorite people in the world at the school (lifelong friends) and that itself is worth the $$$. On top of that, I have switched to a totally new career, doubled my pre-MBA salary, and learned so many new subjects that I am so glad I know now. Academics were tough at the beginning of school for those of us who had never touched a problem set before, but the difficulty ended up being very rewarding. Previously I thought I hated required curricula, but I am so grateful for Yale's first-year core classes for forcing me to learn things I would've been too scared to learn otherwise. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Investment Banking Tech Nonprofit Can be improved: Admissions Team Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 30, 2018 w3ili Joined: Apr 20, 2016 Posts: 46 Kudos: 12 Verified GMAT Classic score: 700 Q47 V39 Experience during the program REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for Yale Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program As others have mentioned, SOM is a highly passionate and mission-driven institution. I've been consistently inspired by my peers and in awe of what they seek to accomplish with their MBA education for business and society. The student body culture, in my opinion, is another defining hallmark of the SOM experience--folks here genuinely care about each other's personal and professional success. Given that it's Yale, academic excellence is expected and the curriculum/workload can be rigorous at times, though there is a robust support system in place. In terms of recruiting, a large number of students pursue finance and consulting, though others also have technology, non-profit, and entrepreneurial interests. For future applicants, I'd suggest reaching out to current students to gain deeper insight into the community. Don't be afraid to contact Admissions Ambassadors or Club Leaders! Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Investment Banking Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 30, 2018 8088 Joined: Nov 21, 2011 Posts: 61 Kudos: 36 SOM knocks it out of the park for a Silver Scholar REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for Yale Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program Few opportunities come around that are as life-changing as the Silver Scholar program at SOM was for me - the Silver Scholars program is for students straight out of undergrad to pursue an MBA at SOM. I matriculated in 2012 with the class of 2014 and, due to the parameters of the program, spent two years working full-time at my dream company, and then returned to SOM to complete my final year of courses and study and graduate in 2016. I believe that the Silver Scholars program is representative of the forward-looking direction of SOM and the fact that the institution is not afraid to take risks and innovate. Over these four years that I was in the program, I was able to see SOM evolve into an even more global business school, with the maturation of the Global Network for Advanced Management. During my second year, I was proud to count over 50% of the student population from different countries, providing a distinctly global feel. Many of my closest friends were from foreign countries and now I feel grateful to have friends from all over the world. The most remarkable thing about SOM is the community - not just our small and large learning teams, our cohort, our class, or our school, but the fact that SOM strives to be the most closely-integrated business school with it's parent university, which translates into one of the highest percentages of joint-degree candidates and the flexibility to take as many of our electives outside of SOM as you wish. I made countless of friends from SOM, but also from Yale College, the Jackson Institute, the School of Public Health, and the Law School, just to name a few. This, combined with the immensely tight-knit alumni community that has among the highest rates of annual alumni contributions to their alma mater, makes me confident that I made the right choice - a choice that will continue to pay dividends and a school that I can count on for the duration of my professional career and beyond. About professors, classes and curriculum Coming from a social sciences and public policy background in undergrad, SOM's core curriculum provided me the business tools and frameworks to serve as a Senior Manager in the Research and Development division of the company that I returned to after the conclusion of my MBA. I am grateful for the distinct attention that SOM professors provide their students - frequently going above and beyond the call of duty in helping individuals like me - who overdid it during one of our one-week intensive modules, and got pneumonia. My professors were very understanding and took time to help bring me up to speed, one-on-one on course material, even though they taught hundreds of students at the time. This example is representative of the fact that Professors are passionate about their work and research, but doubly so about teaching students at SOM. I never expected to regularly head over to Professor's houses for tea, or see them at weekly hackathons/pizza parties. SOM professors dedicated to getting to know the students, and ever since I graduated, keep in touch with us as well. About job placement process All of the resources are there to get any job you could ever want; it's a function of using those resources - whether they are the Career Development Office, peers, and alumni - and putting in hard work to land your dream job. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 4 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 30, 2018 nathank Joined: Jan 04, 2017 Posts: 26 Kudos: 10 Self-reported Score: 740 Q50 V41 Solid REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@yale.edu [?] This review is for Yale Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program Yale SOM has been a solid experience thus far. I'm currently a 2nd-semester first-year student. The core curriculum is excellent at integrating multiple perspectives. You must do readings for class, or will find that you're not learning much, as much of class time is reserved for discussions of cases. Evans Hall, the sole facility of Yale SOM, is a high-tech, brand-new building. Visually, it's an incredible place. The Career office is incredibly helpful for career coaching needs. School seems to land a high number of IB and Consulting internships which do convert successfully into full-time job offers. While the student body seems low on quant skills, I am hoping that quant-focused electives do not shy away from challenging the student body (I have not yet completed any electives, as we just began them last week). New Haven is a great city. Good restaurants, and lots of young people (most of whom are yale-affiliated in some way) About professors, classes and curriculum Core curriculum is low on quant topics, and most quant-heavy courses (Sourcing & Managing Funds, Operations Engine) have dedicated TA-led weekly review sessions (likely because the student body as a whole seems less comfortable with quantitative topics and needs the extra help). About job placement process I did not recruit for IB, but heard anecdotally that most students interested in IB land an offer due to the relatively small number of students hoping to go into banking. The Consulting Club is top-notch at preparing students for case interviews and teh consulting process. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Facilities Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Investment Banking Can be improved: Alumni Network Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 29, 2018 AppUKJ Joined: Oct 13, 2015 Posts: 7 Kudos: 7 Self-reported Score: 770 Q49 V47 Fantastic program REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Yale Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program Fantastic program, enabled me to meet my personal and professional goals for b-school. I had an MBB internship and will be returning, have had the opportunity to lead clubs, and to meet CEOs of F500 companies - both in large part due to the smaller class size at Yale. I've also had the opportunity to take a class at Yale Law, as well as Yale college. Excellent facilities, and an improving faculty. The b-school is definitely going places - each year the incoming class seems better than the last, and recruiting outcomes are also on a positive trajectory, particularly in consulting. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Facilities Best fit at this program: Consulting Investment Banking Management Can be improved: Alumni Network Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment January 29, 2018 Biozman Joined: Jan 19, 2016 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 SOM REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Yale Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program I have been most impressed by the facilities at the school. The SOM campus is breathtaking but I also like the fact that you are not just limited to SOM. You can connect with any part of the wider university. In addition, I really did not expect the level of diversity I have encountered in the school. The school is soooooooo diverse but yet very friendly and collaborative. As an international student, it is highly recommended. However, if you are looking to incubate a business idea, I am not sure SOM is doing a lot in that regard. Entrepreneurship is almost at the back end and you will need extra self-motivation to continue in this track. Overall BSchool experience (3.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (3.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Facilities Best fit at this program: Consulting Investment Banking Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Entrepreneurship Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 28, 2018 abateki Joined: Oct 23, 2013 Posts: 3 Kudos: 6 Self-reported Score: 750 Q48 V45 Yale SOM for profit to non profit REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Yale Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program I was shifting from working at a for-profit to a non-profit and found Yale to be amazing for both. While there, I considered sticking with for-profit and working in impact investing, but decided to do that at a non-profit. Honestly, the curriculum prepares you for both and I could have chosen either. The students are amazing, hardworking, kind, and thoughtful. I learned a great deal from my classmates. The professors are always willing to work with students and the small class size allows students to form strong relationships with professors. There are many opportunities to take classes at other schools, work on research projects, and explore as many interests as you can find time to explore. It was an incredible experience! Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 28, 2018 jconnol8 Joined: Aug 06, 2015 Posts: 12 Kudos: 10 Self-reported Score: 760 Q49 V45 Great Program REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Yale Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program Positives: The community is great. Everyone is very supportive, grade non-disclosure totally matters and helps keep the class from being competitive from each other in a negative way. There are plenty of interesting electives, and if you have anything else you're interested in, there is access to all other parts of Yale (I took a full year of Spanish at the college, for example). Joint degrees are all over the place and always bring an interesting perspective. Consulting is killing it, banking and tech do very well, and the people outside those three top industries often seem to find interesting and unusual work. Negatives: As it is a newer school with a slightly smaller alumni network than its peer schools, some of the niche areas (PE/VC, IM) are harder to break into, just by virtue of having fewer people to talk to. I certainly wouldn't mind shortening the core as well. While the focus on the non-profit sector is totally overblown on GMATClub, we do lack some of the really top business backgrounds in the class- not too many from high finance or MBB for example. Overall: I still think Yale is a buy-low opportunity. Classes have only gotten stronger over the past 15 years or so, and as those alums move up in their jobs the PEVC opportunities will start to come, and the alumni network will become much more powerful. The amount of access to people here is amazing- I went to a speaker session last semester that included John Kerry, Hank Paulson, and Jeff Immelt, and that's just one of the examples of the types of access that Yale as a university can get you. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Investment Banking Tech Can be improved: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Location Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 27, 2018 ConfusedB Joined: Mar 28, 2016 Posts: 28 Kudos: 4 Self-reported Score: 740 Q49 V42 Believe the hype! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@yale.edu [?] This review is for Yale Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program One of the reasons I joined SOM was because of its upward trajectory in the last few years. Being here I can truly feel that I am a part of something special. We have classmates who gave up positions at higher ranked schools (no scholarship was not a decision making factor) to be a part of this amazing school. The class itself is amazing, with folks from all across the globe with all kinds of experiences. Everyone is supportive, and you feel like you are a part of the family. The one areas where SOM can improve though is their placement in the tech sector. But I guess our location is not doing us any favors in that regards. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Investment Banking Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Location Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 27, 2018 anthonycr7 Joined: Feb 06, 2014 Posts: 15 Kudos: 14 Self-reported Score: 700 Q49 V38 Great Experienxe at yale SOM - European student REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Yale Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program The community at Yale SOM is simply amazing. You get to meet people from all over the world and the pool of students is very diverse. In addition to being diverse, everyone has stellar academics and past professional experiences. A truly amazing setting to grow and learn over 2 years. Whether it is during recruiting or exam season, everyone is helping each other and as a far as I know everyone got the job they wanted from the MBA. It opened me doors to work in top consulting and tech firms in the US during my internship and after graduation. This was one of my main goal coming from Europe. The fact that SOM is embedded in the greater Yale also helps to expand your learning reach. You can take classes at the law school or any other school on campus. Finally, New Haven is not New York or Boston but has its benefits. You get to spend a ton of time with your classmates and create deep relationships (since yale is pretty much everything that exists in new haven). It also saves you on expenses since food and rent are much cheaper than in a larger US city. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Facilities Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Alumni Network Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 3 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 4 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules