18 Stern Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews Stern Reviews MBA Program rating [18] (4.7) Submit a review December 03, 2023 Nicholas77743 Joined: Jul 13, 2021 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Personal MBA Coach - Highly Recommend REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@northeastern.edu [?] This review is for NYU Stern Program Full Time MBA Class of 2026 Experience during the program Scott is incredibly knowledgeable, passionate and patient. Him and his team have been incredibly helpful with the interview process, essay process and application storytelling. Scott was always quick to respond to my questions and helped me really stand out in the interview process. In addition, I had moments where I questioned my goals, but he was super supportive in helping me truly stand out in the process. The interview support in particular support was especially helpful as he and his team were able to diagnose areas where I can improve my interview responses. I would highly recommend Scott for anyone doing their MBA journey. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Healthcare Can be improved: Culture & Student Support Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 4 Post a comment July 28, 2022 MBASomeTime Joined: Aug 09, 2018 Posts: 47 Kudos: 52 Self-reported Score: 720 Q49 V40 Virtual Bonanza REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for NYU Stern Program Full Time MBA Class of 2021 Experience during the program Now that I’m one year out and at the rosy shades of a 70% virtual experience (sarcasm) have waned, I figured it was time to write up a review. I recruited for a number of industries, and found the school’s network, but perhaps more predominantly the location, to be invaluable. There are subsets of opportunities only found at NY schools by nature of being in the city. Recruiting for the common career paths is well structured and is ran in tandem with student clubs. I am currently on the buyside and found that the overall brand compares very favorably to peer schools (SOM, Tuck, etc.). The faculty and teaching quality is second to none and probably the hidden gem of the program. There are the most Nobel laureates on faculty of any MBA program and the classes were phenomenal. You can cross list 15+ credits with other schools which was something I readily took advantage of. Of course, the overall value add that you get out of this may be minimal in the grand scheme of things, since MBAs are all about those superficial two-minute conversations. In all seriousness, I was able to make a few close friends, but definitely did miss out a bit because of a global pandemic. So, in the end, great MBA. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Facilities Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 27, 2018 summeriscoming Joined: Aug 25, 2013 Posts: 5 Kudos: 8 Self-reported Score: 770 Q51 V48 Great Program - Amazing People REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for NYU Stern Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program NYU Stern really focuses on recruiting for IQ and EQ (emotional intelligence), and it shows in the student body. I have had the opportunity to meet so many wonderful and smart people, and the network you make from this program is very worthwhile. The course and professors are interesting to - in the night classes you will often find professors who are experts in their field and currently working. The founder of Buzzfeed occasionally teaches a night class. The recrutiting options for off-campus jobs are great as well because of the location in NYC. Any company you could possibly want to network with is just a subway ride away. I have seen other students from schools in Boston at recruiting events, and they travel down to NYC Thursday night and have to get a hotel for the weekend to do the same thing that I can do leaving my apartment in the morning. About job placement process The recruiting process is solid and great companies do come to campus, but it can be a little difficult to get top jobs if you don't have a great background coming into the program. There are plenty of kids with awesome GMAT scores and great grades who didn't even get an interview for MBB. That's not to stay it's not possible to get top consulting jobs, but they don't take many people from Stern (at least for internships). IB is a different story - plenty of people get internships at top banks. Some people who recruit for banking get no banking offers, but the majority get something, and every bank you could possibly want to work for recruits in decent numbers at Stern. It's also a good place to go if you want to work at Amazon - we send a bunch of people there every year. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Location Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Management Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 6 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 30, 2017 FromCPAtoMBA Joined: Sep 15, 2011 Posts: 0 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 720 Q48 V41 NYU Stern Review REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for NYU Stern Program Full Time MBA Class of 2014 Experience during the program NYU Stern excels in attracting a diverse and talented student body and the location (B-School in SoHo) probably cannot be beat by any other institution. Formally an investment banking feeder, the school has been expanding its reach into the Strategy/Management Consulting, Tech and Luxury Retail fields post financial downturn with incremental success. Every year, things get a little bit better on this front. More student go for these jobs, more get hired, and so on. That being said, if you're interested in Investment Banking or other sell-side jobs, it's a great place to go to business school. While the student body is in my opinion its biggest asset, the school is still figuring out how to balance bringing in more diversity with the more mundane institutional goals of running a business school (making sure student GMAT scores and post-graduation salaries remain competitive enough to generate a high USNews Ranking). What I mean by this is, someone joining the school who was formerly a photographer, that then goes and works for an economic development non-profit after graduation, probably won't help those raw numbers (lower GMAT, lower salary), but will add tremendous value to the NYU community and should be admitted to the school. Balancing those still requires some work and is the only area where I think NYU needs to see improvement. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Location Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Can be improved: Alumni Network Culture & Student Support Read More Helpful 5 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 28, 2017 secomedy Joined: Apr 08, 2015 Posts: 2 Kudos: 2 NYU Offers a Great Experience in an Awesome Location REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for NYU Stern Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program NYU offers a great experience for those interested in moving into finance or looking to come to New York. I was interested in advancing my own skills in finance and strategy, and NYU had a variety of courses that met my needs. The professors really make the classes interesting, and NYU has a wide range of great professors (even outside of finance/IB). The student body is very diverse, and there are lots of opportunities to network with professionals in the city. The university is also in the process of expanding and improving course offerings in Luxury, Entrepreneurship, and Fin Tech. Be sure to visit if you are interested in joining! About professors, classes and curriculum Several outstanding professors make the school amazing. Gode, Damodaran, Okun, and Silber. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 26, 2017 sunshine87 Joined: Nov 02, 2011 Posts: 23 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 730 Q49 V41 NYU Stern class of 2014 REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for NYU Stern Program Full Time MBA Class of 2014 Experience during the program NYU Stern looks for creativity in solving both every day and unique business problems. Along with teamwork, collaboration, leadership and a spirit to learn, I would try and demonstrate creativity in your application to the school. For one of my application essays, I wrote a short story about a particular event in my life to demonstrate a creative mindset. While attending the program, I encourage you to take full advantage of career building clubs and organizations. They can help open the door to opportunities not available through career services. Your peer class is also extremely diverse in terms of career backgrounds, ages, walks of life, cultures etc. this can really help you broaden your perspective and help open your eyes to career and personal development opportunities you didn't even know existed! About professors, classes and curriculum There are several well established professors and a lot of adjunct faculty that have experience in the real world. This balance is great toshape your education! Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Can be improved: Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 09, 2018 unnatishah HELLO I am a student from India. I am planning to do MBA in finance from NYU in the FALL INTAKE 2018 I hold a three year bachelor degree which will be completed by June 2018. I also have my own start up and worked for a year in my own company. I do have other extra curricular activities also done. I wanted to know my chances of getting admitted? I do not have much idea about NYU and life in USA. As u seem to be a student from NYU i would request you to contact me whenever possible and just help me out with my career as there are many other points i wanted to know. Please do contact me your help could be very much useful for me and could help me in taking a good educated decision. My name is "UNNATI SHAH" My email is " [email&#160;protected] " My contact number is "+91 9922050404" May 26, 2017 Crushingrock500 Joined: Aug 09, 2015 Posts: 5 Kudos: 0 Langone MBA REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@stern.nyu.edu [?] This review is for NYU Stern Program Part Time MBA (Fall) Class of 2019 Experience during the program There are lots of opportunities but the full time program gets the majority of the resources and prestige. They also have good networking opportunities and a better selection for some classes. There are happy hours that are setup weekly with your core group and many students are happy to network. However the grind from going to work and then class can be quite difficult at times. You need to be proactive to make connections and friends. Many of the professors are understanding of the workload and are there to help you along the way. Furthermore, they have many connections in the industry and there are a few that are noble prize winners which is great! Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Location Brand/Ranking Facilities Best fit at this program: Finance Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment March 02, 2017 kchung3 Joined: Oct 16, 2012 Posts: 15 Kudos: 10 Self-reported Score: 730 Q49 V40 Strong finance school, and improving in other disciplines REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@stern.nyu.edu [?] This review is for NYU Stern Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Location-wise it's the best among all business schools. At the same time, being in NYC means you have to network and hustle a lot more on your own. But if you put in the effort, you can open up a lot of various opportunities such as doing a semester internship in a start-up or PE shop or a tech company. Recruiting for finance is pretty strong and the school is building up momentum in other industries such as consulting and tech. Student body and alumni network are VERY supportive and collaborative, which are exactly what I wanted out of a business school. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Location Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Investment Banking Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Facilities Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment February 08, 2017 mayank117 Joined: Sep 22, 2014 Posts: 4 Kudos: 1 Self-reported Score: 740 Q50 V41 MBA1 Consulting Review REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for NYU Stern Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program Community The community itself is extremely diverse with a substantial portion of the students coming from international locations. The clubs are all student run and we get a lot of opportunity to interact with the other students as well as admin and faculty. There’s a strong sense of paying it forward and MBA2’s go out of their way to help MBA1’s with recruiting and everything else. There’s almost always a wait list for volunteering opportunities to help incoming students, new admits and MBA1’s. I personally benefited immensely thanks to the MBA2’s being involved heavily in college activities. Location One of the biggest advantages is being in the heart of NYC which gives students unparalleled access to all major firms, prominent guest lecturers that Stern brings in weekly, a plethora of projects and mentors. Course The faculty is outstanding with particularly strong marketing and finance departments. Strategy professors all work on the cutting edge in real world projects and therefore bring the latest learning’s from the field to the class. Experiential learning programs like the Stern Consulting Corps give students a chance to apply classroom theory to real world scenarios while being mentored by a Stern professor. Because all the clients are local (companies in NYC) you get more face time and therefore more chance to interact with your clients. The Stern Signature Projects are unique in that you will be solving really unstructured problems for some high impact clients (usually with a social focus). While the experience on both of these depends on the kind of team you have, as long as you are easy to work with and flexible you will have a really good experience on both of these. Recruiting (I recruited for consulting) Stern has traditionally been strong in finance but now does really well in consulting and marketing recruiting as well. Recruiting will be a big part of your life when you start at business school. While Stern’s location helps it immensely, I feel that the banking recruiting is more structured than the consulting recruiting. MBB don’t consider Stern a core school and take a total of about 20 people combined. Higher ranked schools definitely send more students to these firms. That being said, the Stern community (students and the career development team) are great resources to prepare for jobs. Programming starts almost immediately and by the time interview season starts you are more or less prepared for all interviews. Recruiting is definitely hard work and from my experience the people who work the hardest are definitely rewarded with great offers. Everyone ends up with an offer for the summer, but it may not be their top choice of firm. About job placement process The exposure you will get in terms of companies is unparalleled. I was able to attend numerous events hosted by companies in the city and work my way through the networking to land interviews with most of the top consulting firms. This becomes all the more important with investment banking which is more networking heavy. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Location Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Can be improved: Alumni Network Facilities Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 09, 2018 unnatishah HELLO I am a student from India. I am planning to do MBA in finance from NYU in the FALL INTAKE 2018 I hold a three year bachelor degree which will be completed by June 2018. I also have my own start up and worked for a year in my own company. I do have other extra curricular activities also done. I wanted to know my chances of getting admitted? I do not have much idea about NYU and life in USA. As u seem to be a student from NYU i would request you to contact me whenever possible and just help me out with my career as there are many other points i wanted to know. Please do contact me your help could be very much useful for me and could help me in taking a good educated decision. My name is "UNNATI SHAH" My email is " [email&#160;protected] " My contact number is "+91 9922050404" MBA Program Review January 17, 2017 b5k Joined: Feb 06, 2015 Posts: 3 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 770 Q50 V47 An Education at the Center of the World REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@stern.nyu.edu [?] This review is for NYU Stern Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program NYU really does take advantage of its location in downtown New York City. The clubs do an amazing job organizing corporate visits. Job interviews are often just a walk or subway ride from campus and plenty of companies come to campus for information sessions and recruiting. There is a good breadth and depth of courses offered, although some are only offered in the evenings. Students have been petitioning for more day sections. There are multiple "superstar" professors and they are generally worth seeking out if they teach in your area of interest. I would say that the quality of teacher (and to a lesser extent, classmates) had more influence on the value of the course than the material and its applicability to my career. DBI study abroad experiences are worth it for the educational, but mostly cultural and social aspects. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Alumni Network Location Culture & Student Support Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules