26 INSEAD Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews INSEAD Reviews MBA Program rating [26] (4.6) Submit a review December 30, 2025 mobeenmni Joined: Feb 02, 2023 Posts: 3 Kudos: 1 INSEAD is the BEST INTERNATIONAL MBA; Period. REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for INSEAD Program January Intake Class of 2024 Experience during the program With a GMAT of 660, I was able to secure admits from INSEAD, Michigan Ross, Bocconi, and IMD. My journey started in 2021, when I applied only to top US schools with a 650 GMAT. That cycle was humbling: I was waitlisted at NYU Stern, rejected by Harvard, Stanford, and Wharton, and ultimately realized that ambition alone isn’t enough without the right strategy. Determined to improve my odds, I studied hard and managed to increase my GMAT to 660. In the next Round 1 cycle, I reapplied to the same schools and added Michigan Ross. This time, I converted Ross, though Stern once again placed me on the waitlist. Unfortunately, my Prodigy loan approval didn’t work out, which forced me to reconsider my US options and broaden my perspective. While applying to a few additional US schools in Round 2, I simultaneously began researching European programs—and that’s when INSEAD truly stood out. Its uniquely international cohort, intense 1-year format, and strong placement across geographies immediately resonated with my goals. What differentiates INSEAD most is its application process. Unlike many US schools that claim to evaluate candidates holistically but provide limited space to explain one’s journey, INSEAD gives you the room to tell your story in depth. Through multiple essays and reflections, I was able to present my background, motivations, and career narrative from diverse angles. That freedom made a real difference—I ultimately received an INSEAD admit with a 20% scholarship. Beyond admissions, INSEAD also proved its strength during recruiting. Despite my non-traditional background and experience largely in developing markets, I was shortlisted for interviews across 6+ sectors and 9+ geographies, including consulting, private equity, venture capital, investment banking, tech, CPG, retail, manufacturing, and startups. This reinforced a key lesson: while a strong school brand helps, outcomes are driven by how well you craft and position your story, particularly through your resume and narrative. My experience at INSEAD further reinforced why it is truly a one-of-a-kind program. With 77 nationalities across two campuses, the classroom experience is intensely global and professionally mature. Even in a challenging year for consulting, 35%+ of the class entered consulting, reaffirming INSEAD’s position as a global consulting powerhouse. At the same time, INSEAD founders are highly sought after in the VC ecosystem, and several of my classmates are pursuing search funds, successfully closing their search rounds. What truly sets INSEAD apart is its cultural fabric—people from politically conflicted regions such as Israel, Palestine, Lebanon, UAE, Russia, Ukraine, Pakistan, and India learning, traveling, and building lifelong friendships together under a shared INSEAD DNA. The program’s “work hard, enjoy hard, travel-savvy” culture builds resilience, cultural intelligence, and confidence, preparing you for a truly global career. In parallel, I also received 50% scholarships from both Bocconi and IMD. All in, I applied to 14 schools in that year and spent close to $10k on admissions consultants. Through this process, I gained first-hand insight into what actually works when it comes to storytelling, positioning, and admissions strategy, especially for candidates with non-perfect GMAT scores. If you’re looking to discuss your profile, get honest feedback, or learn how to craft a compelling MBA narrative, feel free to reach out: LinkedIn: M Mobeen Ayub - Linkedin/mobeen711 About job placement process INSEAD Brand is very strong across all industries and geographies, however, there is tailwind in consulting that helps you crack interviews. in IB, PE, its harder compared to LBS/ Harvard/ Wharton but INSEAD name is still quite strong in these too. It's just that the CDC is not well connected into the sector. I was still able to make a rare switch into Buy-Side M&A in Saudi Arabia and I am very happy with my post-MBA career upgrade. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Admissions Team Consulting Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment December 18, 2023 Honest23 Joined: Dec 18, 2023 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Throwing away € to a money-making machine REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@insead.edu [?] This review is for INSEAD Program January Intake Class of 2023 Experience during the program Please know that this institution is a money-making machine that shows absolutely no support to its students The career office: “employment engagement specialists” for tech have absolutely no experience in tech, give extremely poor guidance (you’d get better guidance from ChatGPT) and have low social competence preventing meaningful alumni engagement. The ones for consulting are better, but if you’re trying to look in another field you are completely on your own. The administration shows absolutely no support toward students for any matters of consequence. A good example is the visa office - a lady who acts like she works for the French government. If you’re lucky enough to ever get an email response from her it’s cold and unhelpful. If you’re coming here on a visa and especially if you want to work in a country where you will need a visa - specifically ask current and former students about their experience with the school’’s visa office. Finally, they seem to be trying to get away with relying solely on their ranking as a means to attract applicants. Most of the core classes were beyond atrocious in teaching quality. Professors with literally no teaching experience (fresh PHD grads) and couldn’t convey basic concepts. They gave half the class on the France campus poor quality professors so depending on who you speak to you may hear otherwise. Classes like accounting that you expect will be good in a 90k B-school will leave you exactly where you were before the program. Overall, if you’re financing this yourself, think twice. Overall BSchool experience (1.0) Schools contribution (2.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Best fit at this program: Consulting Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Facilities Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment March 04, 2023 mkish Joined: Jun 23, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Self-reported Score: 750 Fantastic diversity in student body, but career services could use some work REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for INSEAD Program January Intake Class of 2022 Experience during the program INSEAD does an incredible job at curating a diverse student body, and one that is very supportive of each other’s interests. The student body and alumni network are by far the schools greatest strengths. Points for improvement would be curriculum and career services. Curriculum because they try to condense a number of standard and elective courses that would come as part of a 2 year program into 1 year, which makes certain courses a bit rushed. Career services needs some work in the sense that it’s very consulting focused, and other sectors don’t get much support. I’d recommend that future applicants emphasize their international experience and inclinations in their application, and focus primarily on what they can contribute to the student body. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (2.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment February 06, 2023 jk11 Joined: May 22, 2016 Posts: 20 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 700 Q48 V38 Before, During, After INSEAD REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for INSEAD Program January Intake Class of 2022 Experience during the program I recently completed my MBA at INSEAD. I'd like to share some pointers: Suggestions while applying (Before INSEAD): - the school lays a lot of emphasis on providing a global perspective to its students. As such, try to show how you have experienced any international exposure. Although most people in the class would have lived in multiple countries before coming to INSEAD, it is not necessary. Try to show your international experience through travels, working with teams from different countries, and working with global clients. During the program: - Like any other B-school, time at INSEAD flies! There will always be a choice of what you want to attend and what you want to miss. For example, attending an extra tutorial VS celebrating your friend's birthday VS travelling to a new city VS attending a networking session. Be clear about what is important to you and be honest with your self and your friends. For reference, for most people at INSEAD the priority is this: 1. Recruiting/Jobs 2. Social events/travelling 3. Academics Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (2.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Career Services Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment March 05, 2018 tony9800 Joined: May 30, 2014 Posts: 8 Kudos: 0 Self-reported Score: 730 Q49 V41 INSEAD, the best year of your life REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@insead.edu [?] This review is for INSEAD Program January Intake Class of 2017 Experience during the program INSEAD was an amazing experience. For an American who didn't get a chance to travel to Europe, Southeast Asia, or the Middle East prior to my MBA, it was one of the most enriching experiences of my life.Academics is great and the professors are truly world class. The student body is very diverse and your peers are driven, intelligent, and fun! I wish the career development center could do more for people that want to recruit in the US. I went to INSEAD knowing full well that i will be facing an uphill battle against the M7s for consulting and banking, given the off-cycle recruiting and the fact that there is enough talent in the US as is. The big firms, MBB, FAANG, BBs do recruit at INSEAD and hire a lot (I think my class sent about 55 to 60% into consulting), but expect to be placed outside of the US. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 6 Not Helpful 2 Post a comment March 19, 2020 Valm1994 Hi, Is there a short listing criteria for consulting job when in INSEAD? January 30, 2018 marcosrg Joined: Feb 19, 2016 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Verified GMAT Classic score: 720 Q49 V40 Amazing professor and classmates in a truly business school for the world, diversity is king REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for INSEAD Program January Intake Class of 2017 Experience during the program INSEAD is an amazing school with an incredible diverse pool of students and impressive Professors, whose classes are nothing but fun. With these Professor it's hard not to stay focused and engaged during the whole session, as they have real life experience and share their own learning with students. Your peer will come from all over the world and there will be no dominant nationality, which makes the program an amazing experience in terms of personal growth. Be prepared to make tons of new friends and to travel a lot, which is considered a must if you really want to bond with new friends Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Location Facilities Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 27, 2018 tdhamit Joined: Oct 14, 2014 Posts: 8 Kudos: 0 Verified GMAT Classic score: Canceled Life experience REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for INSEAD Program January Intake Class of 2017 Experience during the program I loved my INSEAD experience. It was great to get a global perspective. Challenge myself to try new ventures and make lifelong friendships. I studied in 3 continents and traveled to more than 15 countries. For me, INSEAD was a life experience than just an MBA. Professors were world class. Students were from 80+ countries and open-minded. The Wharton exchange was useful in helping me find a job in the US and I also had job offers in Singapore, London via INSEAD. The student clubs are growing in impact and France is becoming a powerful tech hub under new Leadership. I would highly recommend INSEAD to anyone who is looking for a fast-track MBA program and ready to be a global leader of the world. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 5 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 27, 2018 yachae00 Joined: Mar 26, 2012 Posts: 2 Kudos: 0 INSEAD - diversity & opportunity REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for INSEAD Program August Intake Class of 2014 Experience during the program INSEAD has a great pool of diverse and talented students/alumni, where you could learn a lot from. There are a couple of areas that INSEAD has been specialised and hence you can leverage as a springboard. Those are Consulting, Entrepreneurs, and Tech. There are decent consulting firms, including big 3 or 4 firms, visiting and hiring a lot at INSEAD. For tech companies such as Amazon, Apple, and Google, they also hire many, but not at their HQ in US, but typically at their regional HQ in Asia and Europe. And oviously, there is big vibe and momentum around entrepreneurship at INSEAD, providing an stella envirionment to collaborate among students/alumni interested in running their own companies with brilliant ideas. Personally, I was able to get into one of tech companies above at my P4, and now really enjoy the work and career progression. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Best fit at this program: Consulting Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Facilities Read More Helpful 5 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment March 13, 2018 meyba2ty Thanks for the review. I know an Insead Alumni who got hired at Amazon US after his MBA though :) January 27, 2018 tobytruscott Joined: Dec 16, 2014 Posts: 2 Kudos: 7 Self-reported Score: 760 Q50 V42 A whirlwind MBA REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for INSEAD Program January Intake Class of 2016 Experience during the program At just 10 months, the INSEAD MBA flies by. Looking back, so much was compressed into this time that it is incredibly intense. One of the main challenges is learning to prioritise, since there is not enough time to take advantage of even half the opportunities the school has to offer. I was surprised and delighted to find the other students so switched on and intelligent, but without the aggressive competitiveness I had previously expected. with a few exceptions, the teaching standard was outstanding. Recruitment is largely focused on consulting, but there are opportunities for all segments. With the two campuses there were many people coming and going, so the environment was in a constant state of change. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 4 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 30, 2017 uvahson Joined: Mar 04, 2013 Posts: 1 Kudos: 6 Self-reported Score: 740 INSEAD - An opportunity to travel, study, and make friends... REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for INSEAD Program August Intake Class of 2014 Experience during the program I think that INSEAD is a great school for an aspiring entrepreneur whether right after the program or sometime later in his/her career. The student body is amazingly diverse. The professors look forward to developing relationships with interested students. Between France, Abu Dhabi, and Singapore, there are several opportunities to know the local community and get involved in knowing business contacts and developing an international network at scale. If you're an aspiring consultant, all the major consulting firms recruit INSEAD for offices across the world. I suggest that all future applicants focus on their desire to uniquely seek to take advantage of INSEAD's program - i.e .international, one-year, diversity. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Investment Banking Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Culture & Student Support Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 3 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules