10 Stanford GSB Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews MBA Program rating [10] (4.9) Submit a review December 23, 2020 MBAWannabe2020 Joined: Dec 21, 2019 Posts: 9 Kudos: 10 Self-reported Score: 760 Q49 V46 Unparalleled experience REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@stanford.edu [?] This review is for Stanford Program Full Time MBA Class of 2022 Experience during the program This past quarter has been absolutely amazing considering all of the challenges that COVID presents. Despite the increased use of synchronous video teaching, I am still able to connect personally with my classmates and professors. The professors are personally invested in the success of their students, and they are very approachable. They always respond very quickly to any emails sent to them directly. I have also had numerous opportunities to have individual or small group chats with many of my professors. Their connections with local industry and VC firms is amazing. My classmates are also fantastic. I can honestly say that I have not met a single person here who is not outright impressive yet kind! I am constantly blown away by the caliber of students here. They seem to effortlessly grasp difficult concepts and run with it to create new companies or setup up NGOs to solve societal problems. This is a group of doers and real-world problem solvers. I just feel so lucky to be here to learn and make amazing new friends who will be life-long friends. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Location Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment November 19, 2018 henlight Joined: Nov 06, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 6 Self-reported Score: 610 Q44 V30 680 Q43 V40 710 Q44 V42 This place is better than I expected...and willing to help others REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by gmat club tests [?] This review is for Stanford Program Full Time MBA Class of 2020 Experience during the program This place is better than I expected... Honestly, in trying to be incredibly critical, I have very little negative to share, and absolutely 0 substantial negatives to share. The professors, classmates, and facilities are incredible. I catch myself often in disbelief about what a diverse place this is, both in terms of the people here and the opportunities available. To get more specific: there are classes on topics that are not only cutting edge, but often pushing the edge, especially in terms of leadership development and entrepreneurship. I often find myself having to choose between a great way to spend my time and an incredible way to spend my time. A few examples: the GSB impact fund gives students a chance to invest real money in companies all the while learning what it takes to conduct due diligence on a company/building portfolio companies. Another example of the network: since I have been here (just over 3 months), there have been numerous opportunities to work with alumni on interesting projects in new fields, where they would welcome fresh perspectives and encourage students using it as an opportunity to learn. I specifically got set up so I have a project this December in HI on a topic I am interested in but have no formal background in. Of course I am going to work my tail off, but the point is the network helped me find the opportunity. There are many more examples, but most importantly I have come to realize how beautiful of a time this is to explore what are the things one wants to spend your life doing, and how to use business to help you do that (and hopefully help you help others to do the same). **Finally, I want to make note that I am willing to help others by reviewing their essays. The "What matters to you most and why" question is something talked about a lot here, and I may be able to help you frame it so your message is clear. Reach out if interested and we can talk.** About professors, classes and curriculum Organization Behavior with Frank Flynn is an incredible class focused on how to make organizations effectively innovate, grow, and change. Optimization and Modeling is a fantastic course. I leave it every week wondering how I moved through the business world without the skills it has taught me thus far. About job placement process I am recruiting down a more nontraditional path. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Student body, diversity Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 7 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment September 21, 2019 SamarAli Hey Henlight, I am considering applying to Stanford GBS MBA 2020 and would appreciate if you can help me through my essays. Would be glad to be hearing from you. Regards, Samar June 17, 2025 Ajul3421 Even though this is an old post and you might not see it, thanks for sharing your experience! January 28, 2018 pschnett Joined: Sep 27, 2012 Posts: 1 Kudos: 5 After Year 1 at the Stanford GSB REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Stanford Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program I am continuously blown away by the caliber of students at the GSB. The student body is incredibly diverse, thoughtful, well-spoken, and down to earth. Getting to know and learn from my fellow students has been the most enlightening and inspirational component of the GSB student thus far. The community for the MBA1s on campus creates a collaborative and social environment (esp. Highland/Schwab buildings). All of the facilities on campus are over-the-top nice. The professors and classes have been excellent. Professors are well-prepared and most-classes are discussion-based, providing the chance to learn from others. There is some rigidity to the curriculum during the first year and the class scheduling process could use some improvement, but I think the administration is working on those details. The quarter system is great for providing more flexibility to your schedule and allowing you to explore more areas of interest. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 27, 2018 charlesmzhu Joined: Oct 11, 2014 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Reflective personal journey and experience; REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Stanford Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program tl;dr - I think all b-schools can be roughly similar when it comes to hard skills, curricula, and academics (honestly, not that great, or very single-tracked). GSB is an experience. Classes like Touchy Feely, the Art of Self Coaching, and various design thinking classes, surrounded by the atmosphere and environment of Stanford, really altered my life and made me into a better person. The culture prizes support and collaboration over competitiveness, though this can lead to a kind of cockiness around job searches. Needs: All I knew is that I wanted to transition into a PM role from government. I got to take design thinking classes, entrepreneurship, and CS classes that enabled this. Stanford probably does this better than anyone else, but I do think focus and effort at any school would have enabled that to happen. What made me into a much better person were the soft skill classes, which came as a nice surprise. The tightness and small student body size, as well as messages hammered into our heads by professors, also ensures that alumni will respond to your cold calls very quickly. Goals: Transition from public sector to tech/entrepreneurship. These goals were exceeded. Expectations: I thought academics would be much better. About professors, classes and curriculum You can get through Stanford without learning a single thing if you wanted to. You can also work really hard, especially with across-the-street classes, and get one of the finest technical trainings possible, but at the cost of getting to know classmates better. About job placement process Stanford opens all doors and GSB HBS grads standout even for recruiting at my company. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Location Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Admissions Team Read More Helpful 4 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 27, 2018 Rose88 Joined: Dec 09, 2014 Posts: 5 Kudos: 9 Self-reported Score: 740 Q50 V41 Best program for soft skills REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Stanford Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program GSB is an amazing school but is best suited for those that are self starters and willing to carve their own path. There are so many amazing opportunities hat it can be overwhelming if you don’t have some self motivated direction. This doesn’t mean that you have to go in knowing exactly what you want to do, but it helps to have some idea of what makes you excited to pursue. GSB will help you explore whatever this aspect is with a strong focus on developing your interpersonal skills. I came out as a better person overall, not just a better business person. Also, the people are truly diverse and put themselves all in for the experience. About professors, classes and curriculum You get out of classes what you want. Core classes could be better but you can get a lot if you put in the effort. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Interpersonal skills Best fit at this program: Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 27, 2018 afblue Joined: Dec 10, 2013 Posts: 6 Kudos: 4 Self-reported Score: World class business education REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Stanford Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Stanford is a world class university located in the heart of Silicon Valley. The GSB is an exceptionally strong business education and is well integrated into the rest of the university. The defining strengths of the program are the people: fellow students, professors, and alumni. These profoundly capable and good natured people form a supportive yet ambitious culture. Students are charged both with finding and achieving our own personal brand of happiness ("what matters most to you and why?") and to make our mark on the world after we graduate ("change lives, change organizations, change the world."). There is incredible support to chart your own path and a wide variety of programs and diverse classmates/alumni who can help you get there. I 100% recommend choosing Stanford if you're fortunate enough to have the opportunity to attend. About professors, classes and curriculum Superb. Exceptional flexibility to create an academic program that fits your needs and interests. Very easy to enroll in multiple classes throughout the university (law, engineering, etc.) and still meet graduation requirements. About job placement process On campus recruiting is active here, but it probably has a lower emphasis than at other programs. That is partly because the GSB is a smaller class size and there is a strong emphasis on charting your own path (especially for entrepreneurs or into the technology industry). It is definitely the way to go for those interested in consulting, banking, or some of the larger employers (Starbucks, GM, etc.). Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Location Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: It is difficult to find a weak spot Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 30, 2017 hiral Joined: May 02, 2012 Posts: 0 Kudos: 0 Self-reported Score: 720 Q50 V38 Best people, best school REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Stanford Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program Stanford is a phenomenal school with a huge diversity in student population. The people define the school, who are all highly accomplished, with different backgrounds and yet humble enough to help each other out (ofcourse there will be few exceptions to this). Besides the traditional career path, I would say the school is also for people who want to discover themselves, are not sure what they want to do next but explore several opportunities. But its very important to be yourself and not get carried away by what others are doing. Suggestion to future applicants would be try to showcase who you truly are then a list of resume accomplishments. Thats what sticks with the school the most. Also once you get in, don't be on cloud 9 that you are only meant to change the world. You will be happier if you still expect reality on what the job market is out there, etc Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Location Culture & Student Support Across street classes Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 26, 2017 anonymous12 Joined: Aug 16, 2016 Posts: 2 Kudos: 0 MBA Review REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@stanford.edu [?] This review is for Stanford Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program The best part about Stanford is the culture and the people. The admissions process tries to weed out anybody that is arrogant or inwardly focused. The result is a culture that is non competitive and extremely supportive. For example, your classmates can bet the best source of career leads and information on new opportunities you are exploring. I have been blown away by how much people contribute to the community (planning events, etc.). The opportunities within tech and entrepreneurship are also incredible. With close access to VCs in the area, a number of students are involved with part-time internships or entrepreneur in residence programs. The on-campus resources for start-ups are also expansive. The school is very tech focused. While there is something for everyone here, it has been more tech centric than I expected. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Tech Can be improved: Admissions Team Read More Helpful 4 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 26, 2017 mgoldst3 Joined: Feb 01, 2011 Posts: 8 Kudos: 11 Self-reported Score: Stanford GSB - Review from a recent grad REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Stanford Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program As a recent alum, I can affirm that the GSB's reputation is well-earned. Highlights include: - Tight-knit class of nice, down-to-earth, diverse students - Strong brand with strong career opportunities - Beautiful location and facilities - Interesting coursework, particularly in 2nd year (more practitioners, niche electives, ability to enroll in courses in other Stanford departments, etc.) - Relaxed culture (grade non-disclosure, no class Wednesdays, ample vacations/breaks) - Significant travel/international experiences - Strong focus on soft skills (Touchy Feely, presentation skills, etc.) - Great exposure to CEOs/executives and leaders across industries (View from the Top, Executive Challenge, class speakers, etc.) Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Location Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 09, 2016 EntMBA Joined: Aug 29, 2014 Posts: 113 Kudos: 19 Self-reported Score: 730 Q51 V38 Unbelievable experience! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for Stanford Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program So far I've only been here for 4 months but it's like fantasy land! Everything is just amazing (except for the weather which has been a little chillier than I would expected, that El ninio! ) You can actually burp to get an interview with whoever you want just because of the brand. My class is amazing, I would say that less than 1% of the entire class can be classified as "Minor jerks". Really lots of fun with everyone. Each day you get to meet and talk with other succesful CEOs and entrepreneurs, just amazing! The curriculum is also super cool, you have both world class GSB classes and some "across the street" and d.school classes that are simply amazing About professors, classes and curriculum The first semester wasn't that good but the second one when you start having more control over your curriculum is already super amazing About job placement process Like I said, you can pretty much go to whatever you want, or at least get an interview. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Pretty much everything! Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Read More Helpful 9 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules