31 Ross (Michigan) Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews Ross (Michigan) Reviews MBA Program rating [31] (4.7) Submit a review November 16, 2023 MBAVision7 Joined: Oct 30, 2019 Posts: 16 Kudos: 13 Excellent MBA Experience REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Ross (Michigan) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2024 Experience during the program The experience at Michigan Ross has been amazing. World class education, and a program that is entirely deserving of its top-10 ranking. I've had a great experience getting to try my hand at a variety of different fields in a format that is the genesis for the program: Action-based learning both in and outside of the classroom. From being able to do consulting for an energy company as well as a professional sports team, all through school connections, to being a part of a $1B real estate project for MAP (essentially a second internship that is a part of the core), and being able to do real venture capital investing through one of the many student-managed funds has been great. The alumni network is one of the largest and is spread across different industries, geographies, and seniority levels. Alumni, like current students, are very passionate and willing to bend over backward to help another fellow Wolverine out. Fellow students are all very bright, accomplished, and for the most part genuinely pretty nice people. The latter part has been one of the most surprising for me since I often hear from friends at other programs how the big cities they are in are often distractions and don't allow for genuine relationship building. That leads me to Ann Arbor. It is NOT a big city, and for all some hype it up to be, it's not that metropolitan. Sure there are a few niceties for a college town, but it was definitely an adjustment the first year. Mentally prepare yourself and your partner if you are moving with them. It's probably the biggest downside of the experience. That being said, this downside is what leads to making it such a close-knit culture. You'll definitely travel on ski trips, internationally to beaches, and so on, but this is Michigan, college sports are HUGE and there aren't that many other things to do. So it leads to a lot of bonding at the MBA tailgate ('The Bus') or house parties. So be prepared for that, but honestly, it's a great time, and like I said, it's a great conduit for making a lot of close friendships and one that creates closer, and more passionate bonds, than other programs. Curriculum-wise, the program officially is a General Management program, but the school consistently ranks in the top 10 across various specializations. It's top for management, marketing, finance, accounting, entrepreneurship, operations, etc. the list goes on. Further, most large companies recruit here. If you are pursuing Consulting, Investment Banking, General Management, CPG/Marketing, Tech, Real Estate, and Operations all the top firms(MBB, BB, F500, FAANG) come here. More niche industries are interesting. Investment Management/Hedge Funds have a presence with Point72, Citadel, Optiver, Peak6, American Century, Viking, T.Rowe Price, and BlackRock, having recruiting efforts here, but I will say for some of these (Hedge Funds in particular) they also recruit undergrad BBAs (for less $$$) so you have to be cognizant of that and get your face in front of the recruiters. So that is a unique double-edged sword here, but for being a school in the midwest far away from Wall Street, it does have a decent showing for buy-side opportunities. PE/VC also has some growing efforts that are slowly becoming more institutionalized, but like most programs, you have to do some searching outside for more opportunities. Entrepreneurship has a lot of resources ($$$ and mentors) with Zell-Lurie Institute as well as a rapidly growing ETA/Search Funds club. Overall, I think if you want a great MBA experience, an amazing network, the best consortium class, and access to all the top career opportunities you could ever dream about, all in a very welcoming and collaborative culture, Michigan Ross should be on your radar. I would suggest prospective MBA students come visit the school for themselves! GO BLUE! About professors, classes and curriculum Overall excellent education all around, some classes are more dry than others, but the good news is that most classes are delivered in a mix of action-based learning, case method, team collaboration, simulations, and some lectures. About job placement process If you are an entrepreneur I would definitely consider Michigan Ross -- tons of resources, huge alumni base in Silicon Valley between Ross, College of Engineering, School of Information, Law school, and LS&A, and they all LOVE Michigan and are super helpful. Honestly, it might be the best alumni network due to its size, engagement, and widespread geography. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Management Investment Management Can be improved: Location Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment June 08, 2017 mromain8ga Joined: Jun 26, 2012 Posts: 0 Kudos: 1 Great MBA value REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Ross (Michigan) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program I'd suggest applicants take the time to visit the school. I strongly believe that this one one of the country's best MBA programs however, it is too often underestimated. The caliber of the student body, breadth of opportunities for career growth and professional development, and access to alumni and professors is key. Most schools merely give students a brand name whereas Ross gives them a sound foundation to be great leaders upon graduation. I would recommend speaking to alums from the schools you are considering, put rankings aside, put names aside, and simply ask about experiences. I don't believe there is a comparison to the total MBA experience at Ross and after speaking with many of my peers feel this would be cooberated by them as well. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 4 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment March 29, 2018 redfield Could you add some commentary as to why the pretty low "Schools contribution" rating or just expand upon it a bit? You rave about the experience but then there's a pretty clear downmark. June 01, 2017 dcg1113 Joined: Jun 01, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Ross Insights! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@umich.edu [?] This review is for Ross (Michigan) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program The Action-Based Learning nature of the curriculum, which Ross pioneered, helped me transition as a career switcher because it gave me some practical experience which I could apply in my internship immediately. This was invaluable to the success of my internship and recruiting. I was able to grow at Ross not only academically but also as a person. The supportive nature of the Ross community made me realize the importance of asking for and giving help. I used to rely on myself in my previous work life but quickly learned that I had some talents that were unique to myself and others had talents which helped them achieve great success. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Location Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment May 31, 2017 Mksmith Joined: May 31, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Best experience of my life REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@umich.edu [?] This review is for Ross (Michigan) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program The best part of the Ross program has been the current students and the alumni network. I have learned so much from others and really grown. I have had amazing career opportunities in healthcare marketing and have had the chance to help being others into my career path. The social aspect of Ross really adds to the value of my degree because I have had an opportunity to truly get to know my classmates and alumni. At first, I was concerned about the location, but I have grown to respect and appreciate Ann Arbor and the healthcare opportunities it offers. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Best fit at this program: Marketing Can be improved: Location Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 31, 2017 pierreboncy Joined: May 30, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Know What You Want REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@umich.edu [?] This review is for Ross (Michigan) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program I was a career switcher with only a few years of work experience in engineering, so the transition to business was definitely difficult, but the high quality and collaborative nature of the school made it a great learning experience. While Ann Arbor is definitely not known as a metro hub, it is a great environment of really getting to know your classmates without all the distractions of a big city. Most companies that you may be recruiting for will not have offices in Ann Arbor, but Ann Arbor's central location in the country make other cities on both coasts accessible for recruiting/networking. About professors, classes and curriculum At Ross, you have the option of accessing classes, students, and professors at several other top 10 programs thru University of Michigan. Take advantage of that network! Business school students aren't the only ones doing incredible things. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 31, 2017 Xtra41 Joined: Apr 05, 2013 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Best Two Years of My Life REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Ross (Michigan) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2015 Experience during the program My goal going into business school was to boost my academic acumen and transition into consulting. Michigan provided those opportunities and so much more. The culture at Michigan is such that 2nd years train 1st years and then the next class pays it back to the incoming class. So students really get the opportunity to be leaders and the school merely provides the structure and support for us to be successful. I also took every chance to study abroad and Michigan has a lot of resources around that as well. I would recommend to any incoming student to make the most of their time at Michigan, step outside their comfort zone, and definitely go to as many football games as possible. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Finance Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 31, 2017 meeeshelleee Joined: Nov 06, 2013 Posts: 10 Kudos: 5 Best decision I've ever made REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Ross (Michigan) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2014 Experience during the program I went to business school for an incredible transformative experience and I got more than I asked for. At Ross, I had classmates from all over the world offering unique perspectives I would have never had access to otherwise. I was able to attend class with world renowned professors who's lectures still resonate with me today. My classmates continue to inspire me everyday with the work they've been doing after graduation. I've often said that even if I didn't have a job today, I would still think the experience was worth every penny. I feel super lucky to be part of this amazing network. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 31, 2017 ATolbert2137 Joined: May 31, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Going Blue REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@umich.edu [?] This review is for Ross (Michigan) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Having an idea of what you want to gain from going to school is great, whether it be skills, career aspirations, or expanding your network, but not all student walk into school with complete clarity in their next steps post business school. Ross excels in providing students the opportunity to try new ventures, test the boundaries of realities, inside and outside of the classroom. Also, Ross excels at providing a diverse body that is there to support, encourage, and challenge you every step of the way. I walked in school knowing what I wanted to do, which was a huge benefit because it allowed me to focus on developing skills and partaking in some of the opportunities the school offers through their institutes and global programs. There are so many opportunities available, so many that you are unfortunately unable to do everything. And while I wish I had done more (only by virtue of more time could I have done more) I walked out of school prepared academically and professionally (through developed skills); well connected to my classmates, friends, and alumni; ready and able to re-enter the workforce. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 31, 2017 albertoarguello Joined: May 31, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Ross MBA REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@umich.edu [?] This review is for Ross (Michigan) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program The MBA program at Ross exceeded my expectations. I truly enjoyed every single aspect of the program, from the extraordinary professors, to my classmates, to the action-based mentality. It was a very humbling experience since I always felt like I was the least smart person in any team, yet everyone was always extremely helpful and nice. The program has an excellent mix of action-based learning with unique experiences such as MAP and regular cases. The alumni network is also amazing and every alumni I have emailed has responded very quickly and has been eager to help in any way. Recruiting was a little stressful as it always is, but the wide variety of companies that recruited at Ross made it easy to secure a great spot for both internship as well as full-time. I would not change my MBA at Ross for any other. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Operations Can be improved: Location Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 31, 2017 wgtaylor Joined: Aug 04, 2013 Posts: 2 Kudos: 0 Great Ross Experience REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Ross (Michigan) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program Every top MBA school will offer you a great education and career opportunities, but Ross differentiated itself through the student culture and experience, making us feel like a family. My fellow classmates were an invaluable resource as I underwent my journey to change careers and successfully recruit consulting as well as succeed in my coursework and extra curricular activities​. The Ross experience takes students beyond the classrooms with the emphasis on action-based learning and the MTREK and MAP experiences were exceptional. I would suggest future applicants to visit the school and experience the family as I have before choosing school solely on rank. About professors, classes and curriculum Ryan Ball is the best accounting teacher there is. He had been eager to take the class final. Also take the joint class offered by Bill Hall / Jeff Sinclair. Best capstone course for an MBA. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Tech Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 3 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 4 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules