24 Harvard Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews Harvard Reviews MBA Program rating [24] (4.8) Submit a review May 15, 2025 MuskaanMittal Joined: Feb 27, 2023 Posts: 39 Kudos: 21 Amazing REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for HBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2026 Experience during the program My experience during the Harvard MBA program was transformative, both professionally and personally. I entered the program seeking to sharpen my leadership skills, broaden my global perspective, and build a network of peers who shared the drive to make meaningful impact. Harvard exceeded those expectations. The case method was a standout feature—it pushed me to think critically, speak with confidence, and make decisions under uncertainty. Every class felt like a real-world boardroom, filled with diverse perspectives and rich debate. The faculty were not just subject-matter experts, but also deeply committed to student development. Outside the classroom, the ecosystem at Harvard was unparalleled. I took part in cross-disciplinary initiatives like the i-Lab, worked on global immersions that took me to developing economies, and collaborated with classmates who were former military officers, entrepreneurs, and social impact leaders. Each interaction expanded my understanding of what leadership means in a complex world. To future applicants, I would suggest you come with clarity on what you want to explore—but also the humility to be changed. Be authentic in your application, and once admitted, take full advantage of every opportunity. The program will meet you where you are, but it will also stretch you to become the leader you aspire to be. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Location Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Facilities Admissions Team Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Can be improved: Student body, diversity Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 29, 2018 Natz819 Joined: Oct 24, 2012 Posts: 1 Kudos: 6 Self-reported Score: 760 Q50 V44 HBS Review REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for HBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program I gained so much perspective from listening to the perspectives of my classmates. We thought about solving tough problems in different ways - and that really comes our during the case method. The professors really brought out these perspectives through carefully facilitated conversations. The end result was that I improved my business judgement and communication skills. I can look at large amounts of information, quickly figure out what matters, analyze that information, and make a recommendation. Applicants should really focus on how they intend to learn from their section mates, and how they will bring their own unique approach to the classroom. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Culture & Student Support Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 29, 2018 abl10 Joined: Jan 25, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Self-reported Score: 750 Q48 V44 Great program, great classmates REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@mba2019.hbs.edu [?] This review is for HBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program Classmates are very bright, curious and come from a broad array of interesting backgrounds both professionally and personally. While the total class size is very large (900+ students). Being divided into sections of 90 students with whom you spend every classroom hour your first year and countless social hours creates a fun close-knit group. Case method is very engaging and facilitates a ton of learning even though it is frequently at a high level (not as tactical or technical). Participation (and attendance) is a huge part of your grade so everyone, for the most part, shows up prepared and engaged. Academics as a result are a bit more time-consuming than I anticipated but the classes have been great. Have 2-3 cases a day 5 days a week (some days off for holidays and "career search" are sprinkled throughout the semester). Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Alumni Network Facilities Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Management Can be improved: Cost of housing & parking Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment January 29, 2018 helenrez Joined: Feb 06, 2015 Posts: 30 Kudos: 6 No regrets REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for HBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Academics -- Incredible opportunity to take classes with renowned experts in their fields. I really enjoyed the Case Method, because it was more interactive and engaging than other classes that I've taken, but also provided opportunities to practice "speaking up", which is a very relevant skill in the professional world. Culture -- Culture felt more cerebral and scholarly than other business schools I've seen. The student body was pretty tight knit and collaborative. However, there was a huge emphasis placed on wealth, and friend groups tended to form across "class" lines. Networking -- Hands down the greatest value add of HBS. Alumni have a very strong presence on and off campus, and HBS grads tend to stick together. Most people found jobs through the alumni network (including myself) Value -- Great value for the money -- probably the best. Very generous financial aid package (need-based) and the brand/network benefits pay dividends long after graduation. About professors, classes and curriculum Very good well-rounded traditional curriculum, but it felt outdated in many ways. With so many people going into Tech after graduation, I was disappointed by the lack of classes/field opportunities devoted strictly to digital innovation. Not a lot of sales classes either. About job placement process All major companies recruit from here. But not a lot of activity for non-traditional recruitment (i.e. startups or smaller companies) Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Best fit at this program: Consulting Management Can be improved: Student body, diversity Tech curriculum Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 28, 2018 baytoLA Joined: Dec 15, 2015 Posts: 5 Kudos: 1 Self-reported Score: 740 Q49 V41 Wonderful Overall Experience REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for HBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program HBS has provided everything I could possibly want in a business school. The faculty is incredible (I've had classes with the former PepsiCo CEO, Danaher CEO, and COO of the Patriots) and the section experience during RC year really brings the size of the campus down. I've developed extraordinary friendships with fellow students from myriad backgrounds and know many of these will be lifelong friendships. The only complaint that I have about the program is that we don't have any weekly day off like many other programs do (Kellogg has Tuesdays off, Anderson gets Friday off). Honestly though, the fact that is my biggest complaint about the program shows how great the program is. Coming from consulting, I heard a lot of opinions about various business schools. While much of the information I got from my co-workers was accurate, you can't truly understand HBS until you visit a class. The case method is a completely different learning experience and it's intellectually stimulating in a way lecture-based classes aren't. Choosing HBS was the best decision I've ever made and couldn't be happier here. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Facilities Best fit at this program: Consulting Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 28, 2018 aeropower Joined: Dec 24, 2014 Posts: 100 Kudos: 53 Self-reported Score: 750 Q50 V41 Couldn't have a better experience REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for HBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program Additional notes: -Case Method: This method is absolutely powerful in learning how to process incomplete information quickly (what future managers will need to do). Secondly, this method is quite fun. Although participation is required, participating in a debate with your close friends/classmates is quite enjoyable as well. -Students: The students are some of the most accomplished from the business world - having the option to ask any question to your class, and having someone who has experienced exactly that to support you is invaluable. However, there are even more accomplished people outside of the business world that provide even more diversity - Military, teachers, etc. -Professors: Accomplished and smart professors that really know how to guide a conversation (in class) and willing to support you in any way (outside of class). -Alumni: Very supportive bunch in terms of career, general advice. etc. Suggestions for future applicants: -Really understand the Case Method: the method is NOT for everyone. it requires effort, the ability to quickly make an argument, etc. Really make sure that you want this before applying/heading to HBS.. About professors, classes and curriculum The curriculum although required your first year is quite good. The point of the case method as well as the way HBS recruits is that you learn a great deal from your classmates. You may be an expert in one class, you are there to teach the rest of your class, etc. About job placement process There isn't a better school for recruiting. The HBS brand is very strong and will open up many doors.. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Speciailization (if you want it) Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 28, 2018 justcurious04 Joined: Oct 20, 2013 Posts: 4 Kudos: 9 Self-reported Score: 710 Q45 V42 HBS Exceeded All Expectation REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for HBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program My two years at HBS far exceeded my expectations. From the experiences both in and out of the classroom to the sectionmates I got to know so well during my RC (1st) year, I look back on the two years I spent at HBS as some of the best in my adult life. The biggest surprise for me when I got to campus was the quality of the people. Nearly all of my classmates were bright, motivated, and accomplished, yet also humble, kind, and collaborative. It was, by no means, the cutthroat culture that I worried I might experience. When I reflect on the friends I made at HBS, I often joke that they are more genuine people than any of the friends I made in earlier walks of life. About job placement process My best advice to people going through recruiting at HBS is to prepare to be humbled. The recruiting process is a marathon that ends up resulting in a "no" far more often than I think most people expect. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Entrepreneurship Can be improved: N/A Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 28, 2018 LJW12 Joined: Dec 13, 2012 Posts: 0 Kudos: 5 Best two years of my life REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for HBS Program Full Time MBA (2+2) Class of 2018 Experience during the program HBS provides an incredible platform academically, socially, and professionally. The instructors are world class, both professors and practitioners. The guests are world renowned, and many. The students are incredible, having achieved an enormous amount, and hailing from all around the world . The biggest criticism that I have heard of HBS is the size of the classroom - this works only to enhance the number and quality of your friends and classmates, and I would not have it any other way. You will keep meeting new people and making new friends deep into your experience. Additionally, when engaging with firms, there is likely to be a classmate who has worked at or alongside those firms. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 28, 2018 ccmmhh Joined: Dec 10, 2015 Posts: 3 Kudos: 0 Verified GMAT Classic score: 710 Q46 V42 HBS is a great place REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for HBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program I wasn't sure what to expect from business school, but HBS has blown my expectations out of the water. The support and kindness of fellow students is wonderful, the willingness of the professors and students to help with career or personal endeavors is fantastic, and the friends I have made are life-long. The brand is as powerful as one might expect, but it doesn't open every door automatically. It gets you in front of most people, but you still need to prove yourself. The bar is set high when people are talking to and working with an HBS grad. I'd suggest future applicants to question the negative stereotypes. While they exist at all schools, they are such a minority of the experience. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Management Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 28, 2018 Rabster Joined: Oct 19, 2015 Posts: 20 Kudos: 11 Self-reported Score: 710 Q43 V45 Excellent General Management Program REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for HBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program HBS is a great place to go to business school. Some key areas that distinguish it from other programs: - Brand Name: when you say you go to HBS, people take note, even if they aren't in the business world. Sounds a bit stuck up to say, but frankly, if you're going to spend $200k on an MBA, that's the reaction you need. - Case Method: nearly all classes here are case method where you read a case and debate what decisions should be made in class. And you often have the case protagonist in the room because HBS professors write most of the cases. By the time you graduate, you've made thousands of real world decisions and had to defend them to very smart people. - Sections: HBS is a huge b-school with nearly 1000 students, but in your first year, you're put in a section of ~95 students. This group becomes your family and really helps make a big school feel small. You get the huge alumni network with the small school intimacy. Win win. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Management Can be improved: Student body, diversity Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 3 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules