31 Kellogg Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM 1 - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews Kellogg Reviews MBA Program rating [31] (4.7) Submit a review February 04, 2023 ahsanashfaq28 Joined: Jan 28, 2014 Posts: 105 Kudos: 51 Verified GMAT Classic score: 710 Q49 V36 Kellogg Review REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for Kellogg Program Full Time MBA Class of 2024 Experience during the program Collaborative atmosphere: Many students appreciate the collaborative and supportive environment at Kellogg, where they are able to work with classmates from diverse backgrounds and industries. Strong academic programs: The curriculum is challenging but also very engaging, and students say they feel well-prepared for their careers after graduation. Real-world experience: Kellogg is known for its hands-on approach to business education, and students appreciate the opportunity to work on real-world projects and case studies. Networking opportunities: The Kellogg network is one of the strongest in the world, and students say they appreciate the connections they make while at the school and after they graduate. Supportive community: Students also appreciate the strong sense of community at Kellogg, where they are able to receive support from faculty, staff, and alumni throughout their time at the school and beyond. Overall BSchool experience (3.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (3.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment January 27, 2018 chaoman Joined: Oct 31, 2014 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Self-reported Score: 750 Q50 V50 Perfect MBA program for future general managers REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Kellogg Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program An MBA program that provides a broad based general management education and at the same time enables to focus on niche areas such as Data Analytics for decision making and Public-Private initiatives. There are plenty of student-led activities that can be classified into Professional, Cultural, and Interest clubs. The student body is surely very vibrant. The new building is state of the art and has a new level of energy all together. Applicants should conduct deep research about the program and clearly illustrate ways they can contribute to the Kellogg community. Also, examples of teamwork and collaboration in the essays and interview should go a long way as the school prides itself on these attributes. About job placement process Recruiting is a mostly self-driven process. School brand might not make as much difference as one may think. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Investment Banking Tech Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment August 05, 2017 sarasjain20 Joined: May 22, 2014 Posts: 24 Kudos: 96 Self-reported Score: 560 Q46 V29 kellog school REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Kellogg Program Kellogg Executive MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program I haven't started the program yet. But When i came in contact with students looking for Kellogg's, i got very positive reviews. Kellogg's provides ample scope in carrier enhancement during 1 year MBA program. Brainstormed freaky idea and other competitions flourish a student personality. I have heard that faculty make you feel very homely environment, along with that intellectually stimulated and challenged. Throughout the educational experience, students can take advantage of Kellogg’s world-renowned Career Management center. Kellogg teaches you how to work in a team with diverse and highly talented individuals and how to achieve great results through collaboration.New building (Global Hub) is an amazing environment to work in. The architecture and technology is impressive; and the people are nice and have good work ethic. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Management Can be improved: Location Read More Helpful 5 Not Helpful 6 Post a comment August 09, 2017 dubey3315 Are you referring to E-MBA course in your post ? I am currently working towards my GMAT and very keen on applying to Kellogg. However, living in Texas may cause some challenges to pursue the program. May 31, 2017 kelvinyctsai Joined: Jan 29, 2015 Posts: 3 Kudos: 4 Self-reported Score: 740 Kellogg Review REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Kellogg Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Very strong collaborative culture and student body. You can always learn from peers, and they are happy to share. Career-wise, regardless of the industry that you are interested in or passionate for, you can always get supports from the career management center, student clubs, alumni network, and curriculum. In addition to technical skills, such as data analytics and finance, thoughtful leadership and effective communication are also the highlights of my learnings at Kellogg. Moreover, current students and faculty just moved to the new building, which has improved facilities and much more open spaces and flexibilities for student to work ttogether. I would suggest applicants to explore Kellogg's culture and think about how to contribute to this community. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 31, 2017 nancy751122 Joined: May 31, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Very collaborative school! Strong alumni network! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@kellogg.northwestern.edu [?] This review is for Kellogg Program MMM Class of 2016 Experience during the program The school is famous for its collaborative culture. As an international student, I was still able to make many good friends at Kellogg. It really helped a lot on my career advancement, I got the job I wanted and received lots of helps from Kellogg alumni network along the way. The two years at Kellogg, I had some really great memories during my two years at Kellogg. There were many fun student-initiated activities, such as international travels, formals, weekly parties and gatherings. Highly recommend the school, especially if you are looking for consulting or tech career, Kellogg will be the right place for you. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Tech Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Location Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 28, 2017 cofre Joined: Nov 30, 2012 Posts: 10 Kudos: 2 Self-reported Score: 710 Q49 V39 Kellogg is not just about marketing REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Kellogg Program Full Time MBA Class of 2015 Experience during the program Coming from a non traditional background, before Kellogg I could barely use Excel. My previous leadership experiences were very real world and high pressure. The one thing I knew I had to focus on during my MBA was my quantitative skills. At Kellogg, I took several classes on statistics, analytical decision making, and even coding. For someone who couldn't do a vlookup, I left Kellogg knowing how to code in Stata and R. The best classes for that were Marketing Research, Customer Analytics, and Analytical decision modeling. Professors were great and extremely helpful in helping me figure out what languages to study and what I could do with the newly-acquired skills. I work today at a large techfin company doing product management with a focus on data science in the Bay Area. If you think Kellogg is a "soft" school, think again. You can earn all the hard skills needed to succeed in the age of big data. About job placement process Recruiting is the hardest part. It's really stressful. But everyone makes it, and I can say that almost everyone I know got the jobs they wanted and are doing really well in the their careers. Be laser-focused on the industry and companies you're interested in, but allow about 20% of your time to search for other options always. Recruiting might not turn out the way you expected and having a plan B really pays. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Management Can be improved: Alumni Network Read More Helpful 5 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 28, 2017 vandanasathpathy Joined: Jun 26, 2013 Posts: 64 Kudos: 75 Self-reported Score: 760 Q50 V41 MMM elevates your business school experience REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for Kellogg Program MMM Class of 2017 Experience during the program The MMM program is a great differentiator (MS in Design Innovation in addition to MBA) and has some really unique courses that can provide interesting talking points during your pitch to prospective employers and during interviews - especially if you are interested in consulting, tech or business development. The smaller class size (60 students) also makes for an amazing bonding experience with your MMM classmates, while still being a part of the larger Kellogg community and taking classes with everyone else. This is a niche program, and applicants must make sure they research the program and demonstrate an understanding of how this program fits with their personal and career goals. About job placement process I recruited primarily for big tech companies (and had a tech background) so I had a great, hassle-free recruiting experience. If you're interested in smaller firms or startups, you'll have to do a lot of the work on your own with limited support from career services. This is because most students recruiting for startups have niche interests that the careers team has limited knowledge about - they do the best they can, but it's definitely not a strong suit at Kellogg. In terms of the volume of firms that come to Kellogg for recruitment, it is absolutely on par with any other business school and there are tons of opportunities. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Facilities Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Management Can be improved: Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 27, 2017 tjdeluca Joined: Oct 08, 2011 Posts: 21 Kudos: 7 Self-reported Score: 710 Q47 V40 760 Q50 V44 Great REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Kellogg Program Full Time MBA Class of 2014 Experience during the program Truly a Great program - I was transitioning from the military and Kellogg gave me the tools I needed for a career change. The veterans network was a huge asset as well. The classes were mostly top notch and the students were all very friendly and worked well together. I wish I could have gone after the construction of the new building as the old one was, well, due for an upgrade. I would recommend the program for most fields as my classmates took on a variety of careers after graduation. Kellogg is a top ranked schools for good reason. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Location Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 27, 2017 TranslationLost Joined: Apr 22, 2015 Posts: 50 Kudos: 25 I am incredibly happy with my choice to come to Kellogg REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for Kellogg Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program When I applied to business schools, I knew I was looking for a few key things (not necessarily in order): -- Success with placing students into good consulting careers -- Supportive/friendly environment -- Strong brand recognition -- International opportunities Kellogg has met my expectations on these criteria and exceeded it in others. Several of the above are things that you can pick up from reading the internet, but to experience it is an entirely different thing. Sure, Kellogg has great stats when it comes to placing folks into good consulting jobs. However, I didn't realize HOW this happened before coming. The school does a great job of offering equal opportunities for success (particularly through the "bid" system, whereby you can bid "points" to get an interview with a company even if they didn't choose you). Further, the student body is incredibly supportive -- numerous people have gone out of their way to help me prepare for my interviews. Thanks to this system and environment, I was able to get a job with one of my most desired consulting firms! The international opportunities have been numerous and incredible. At a certain point there happens to be TOO MANY (if you can believe it) opportunities to travel -- you have to be selective about how you spend your time/money! But beyond these things, its simply a wonderful community. I've learned a ton from my classes and peers. I've met an incredible number of friendly people who are extraordinarily accomplished already. We had a terrible building (the Jake), but now we're in a wonderful new building (the Global Hub) which is a great environment for working and collaborating. For future applicants, I would advise you to visit campus and get to understand what the school is alike. Reach out to current students who share your interests and get an idea of what they're getting (or not getting) out of their Kellogg experience. Make sure you understand the unique value proposition of a Kellogg MBA. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Tech Management Can be improved: Student body, diversity Read More Helpful 4 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 26, 2017 grassyboy Joined: Sep 15, 2012 Posts: 3 Kudos: 8 Self-reported Score: 740 Q50 V39 Kellogg's social, collaborative nature should be a must for all business schools REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Kellogg Program MMM Class of 2015 Experience during the program The most unique aspect of Kellogg School of Management (Northwestern University) is it's social and collaborative spirit. Most classwork is done in groups - including Finance and Accounting assignments - that teaches you to not only work in a group setting but to pull your own weight. This is an essential trait for corporate success, and IMHO all business schools should focus more on this. The collaborative spirit also shines during the placement season, when students are more than willing to help each other out with mock interviews and study sessions - surprisingly even when competing for the same job. Furthermore, the social aspect is also evident in the in numerous party events that keep happening throughout the school tenure. Kellogg will teach you to be a good team-player. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 3 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 4 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules