15 Tepper Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews Tepper Reviews MBA Program rating [15] (4.9) Submit a review January 14, 2022 s24k Joined: Jan 09, 2022 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Tepper MBA REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@andrew.cmu.edu [?] This review is for Tepper Program Full Time MBA Class of 2021 Experience during the program My experience at Tepper has been amazing. The small class size and the academic rigor at Tepper really set it apart from other programs. The school is also really invested in your success – You will receive a lot of support to help you succeed both in your academics and recruiting. Quick plug for a friend whom I’ve known for a long time - Vatsal Srivastava. He has helped numerous people navigate the world of MBA admissions. I also reached out to him for his thoughts on European and North American MBA programs. He is an alumnus of INSEAD and has a pretty good feel of the global MBA landscape. He was extremely helpful in getting me to think through what I wanted out of each program, this was very helpful for when I was shortlisting schools. Vatsal really provokes you and tries to push you to think of the most relevant experiences from your personal and professional life to answer the questions being asked in the essays. He is very accessible and usually answers any questions you may have pretty quickly. You can count on him to objectively assess your essays and give pertinent suggestions on how to effectively bring out the essence of your story through the essays. You should reach out to him at [email&#160;protected] if you’re thinking of applying for MBA programs. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Can be improved: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 9 Post a comment June 11, 2018 abohemian Joined: Jan 12, 2015 Posts: 9 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 720 Q45 V42 Undervalued Program REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Tepper Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program I pursued an MBA to transition from an eclectic engineering background to a multifaceted leadership role in tech. After completing the full-time program I landed my dream job and couldn't be happier with my time at Tepper. Since Tepper is part of the larger CMU community, there is a strong cross-campus culture of collaboration that offers ample opportunity to work with students from other departments. It was invaluable for me to meet and work on projects with students in programs across the Carnegie Mellon campus. For future applicants, I recommend seriously considering how Tepper fits your specific needs (recruiting outcomes, courses, tracks, etc) as well as considering specific classes, projects, or clubs across CMU that interest you personally and for professional development. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Location Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 28, 2018 jonnnnnix Joined: May 10, 2016 Posts: 14 Kudos: 0 Tepper School of Business REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@tepper.cmu.edu [?] This review is for Tepper Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program The program has a very inclusive environment with highly diverse students. Teachers are all accesible and want you to learn and grow professionally and personally...furthermore, the career services works hard to help you better your job search process and ensure that you have the ability to find the job you desire and make the professional changes you need. I would highly recommend this program to anyonedinterested in consulting or technology! In a few years when the new school of business opens it will be one of the best and most technology focused campuses in he US and this will only enhance the reputation and learning that students experience here Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Tech Can be improved: Alumni Network Location Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 31, 2017 jcm311 Joined: Jun 10, 2013 Posts: 4 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 740 Q50 V40 Two years worth while REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Tepper Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program I left my job as a mechanical engineer to pursue a career in management consulting. Tepper provided me the opportunities to both get the job I wanted and prepare me to succeed once I started working. I can safely say that it was worth going to Tepper as I got the job I wanted and I feel that anyone that puts in the effort can be successful here. The biggest piece of advice I can give is to be honest with yourself about your career goals and the effort you are putting forth to achieve these goals. The only people I know that were unsuccessful in their job search were either not a strong fit for the role they recruited for or simply did not put in the work required to prepare for interviews. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Facilities Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 30, 2017 GenericUsername Joined: Oct 18, 2012 Posts: 22 Kudos: 15 Self-reported Score: 700 Q48 V38 Greatest investment I ever made REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Tepper Program Full Time MBA Class of 2015 Experience during the program Tepper challenged me professionally, personally and academically. It was everything I could have hoped for and more. After Tepper, I gained work experience both in Silicon Valley and Wall Street. I couldn't have gotten that kind of experience without my MBA from Tepper. Facilities could have been better but the new Tepper Quad will do wonders for the student experience. If you want to beef up your analytical skills and gain a reputation as a problem solver in any industry, Tepper is the place for you. Since earning my Tepper MBA, I go into job interviews with a confidence i couldn't have had before. Employers see Carnegie Mellon on my resume and give me the benefit of a doubt that I am smart, resourceful and highly qualified for the job. About job placement process Regardless of whichever MBA program you select in the US, be prepared to adjust your expectation of job placement if you need visa sponsorship. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 7 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 26, 2017 zohaibmahmood Joined: Jul 27, 2011 Posts: 63 Kudos: 12 Self-reported Score: 680 Q50 V31 710 Q49 V37 Bschool experience REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for Tepper Program Full Time MBA Class of 2014 Experience during the program I had a great experience during my MBA. The curriculum was great and I got the opportunity to immerse myself in different areas including Strategy, Operations etc. which helped build my profile for Consulting. The Capstone program was just amazing and allowed me to get a real life experience by working with the A.T. Kearney group. Since the class size was small, I got the opportunity to build a great network. Unfortunately, since the class size was small, the down side was a smaller alumni group to tap as well. Since the school is heavily technology focused, I did feel that the recruiters were biased during the recruitment and assumed that we were usually more aligned to the technology roles. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (3.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Technology Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Location Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 20, 2017 rskanumuri Joined: Feb 01, 2013 Posts: 32 Kudos: 32 Self-reported Score: 750 Q50 V41 Small & Strong! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for Tepper Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program When I was evaluating schools, I was looking for a school that had the following characteristics. 1. Small Class Size. 2. Strong Knit Community. 3. Good focus on technology and finance I expected Tepper to fulfil my expectations but it went above and beyond them. At ~200, Tepper has one of the smallest class sizes in the top 20 MBA schools in US. My classmates were some of the most accomplished and humble people I have ever met in my life and had the chance to work with. In addition to the same, they are always ready to help a fellow classmate in a professional or personal setting. Academically, Tepper is one of the most rigorous MBA programs. Tepper follows the mini model so every 6 weeks we are studying new courses and learning different things. This makes the learning cycles very small and intense. You will find that Tepper’s recruitment is heavily dominated by the Technology & Consulting industries. Small class size means that we generally have few companies hiring double digits from a single class joining them in a single year. Despite this, Tepper regularly sends its students to all top destinations for MBAS as interns and new graduates in a regular manner. Tepper's long list of faculty who earned Nobel prizes for their contributions in Finance, with the most recent in 2013 reflect the quality of professors at its disposal. As someone walking into the Business school with zero Finance background, I am very confident that I can handle any financial issues that will invariably cross my path in the future. In short, an average Tepper student has all the following qualities 1. Humble 2. Really Smart 3. Excels in teams. So, if you feel that you will excel in this environment, I look forward to seeing your as future members of the Tepper Community!! Welcome! Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Tech Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Facilities Read More Helpful 6 Not Helpful 2 Post a comment November 28, 2016 falcon07mv Joined: Jan 06, 2015 Posts: 9 Kudos: 7 Self-reported Score: 660 Q47 V34 Tepper 2016 Review REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@tepper.cmu.edu [?] This review is for Tepper Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program My overall experience has been great. The classes are challenging in regards to the material and pace, as Tepper follows a mini-semester model. However, there are several resources to help in understanding course material such as office hours, recitation, study groups, etc. Recruiting is given a lot of emphasis staring from orientation, which is extremely helpful in getting prepared for interviews, conferences, and networking events. As a prospective Product Manager for a high-tech company the program does a great job attracting top hi-tech companies for corporate presentations on campus. Moreover, there are treks in between mini-semesters that allow you to visit companies in the Seattle and Silicon Valley area. The class is diverse, however only comprised of approximately a 28% female population. There is an orientation that lasts 3 weeks long and provides an introduction to the program. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Best fit at this program: Marketing Tech Can be improved: Location Brand/Ranking Facilities Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment November 27, 2016 roboguyspacedude Joined: Feb 12, 2012 Posts: 0 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 700 Q44 V41 690 Q42 V41 Tepper review by a first-year student REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Tepper Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program The MBA experience has been amazing so far. My classmates at Tepper are some the brightest and friendliest people I know. It has been meeting my expectations thus far. The career services here are unlike any other school. They are very passionate about finding you the job you want and are there to help whenever you need them. The curriculum is very quantitative heavy so make sure you know basic calculus. There are math prep courses at the beginning to get up-to-speed. For future applicants, I would make sure that Tepper fits your career aspirations. This is not a core i-banking or consulting school so if that's what you want, I would look elsewhere. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Tech Entrepreneurship Operations Can be improved: Student body, diversity Facilities Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment November 25, 2016 rsettles3 Joined: Feb 12, 2015 Posts: 12 Kudos: 6 Self-reported Score: 700 Q47 V39 Tepper experience REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@tepper.cmu.edu [?] This review is for Tepper Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program The small size of Tepper allows for an extremely close knit group of friends that are willing to bend over backwards to help their fellow classmates. Everyone knows everyone, which means if you need help and aren't sure who to contact, there will always be someone that can identify that person for you. Additionally because of the small size of the program, alumni are also willing to help on any way possible. While the career services center and student body offers tremendous resources to secure students employment, alumni are equally active and engaged securing jobs and internships for each and every student. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Tech Can be improved: Alumni Network Facilities Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules