16 McCombs Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM 1 - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews McCombs Reviews MBA Program rating [16] (4.4) Submit a review February 13, 2023 mayank1025 Joined: Jun 10, 2018 Posts: 7 Kudos: 12 Verified GMAT Classic score: 720 Q49 V40 (Online) Underrated school, great community REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for McCombs Program Full Time MBA Class of 2023 Experience during the program McCombs was not on my list when I began my MBA application process. But as I worked on my research and spoke to admissions staff and current students, I was really impressed by the warmth of the people and the opportunities that were offered. I had the opportunity to meet many wonderful individuals who supported me improve professionally and manage this MBA journey throughout that time. I had a great deal of help from the 2Ys on campus and alumni in various companies when I was figuring out my career aspirations, and they also helped me get ready for the hiring process. The McCombs community's mentality of giving back was apparent. I advise all prospective applicants to get in touch with the admissions staff and MAC students (ambassadors) to learn more about the community. Wish y'all Good Luck! Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Location Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Investment Banking Tech Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Admissions Team Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment January 29, 2018 krasher134 Joined: Jan 29, 2013 Posts: 3 Kudos: 7 Self-reported Score: 770 Q49 V47 McCombs can be whatever you make of it REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for McCombs Program Full Time MBA Class of 2015 Experience during the program The Texas MBA program at McCombs was a great fit for me, not just because of the academic reputation, but also because of the culture and geographic location. Austin is a great city to spend your two years of business school, and the student population at McCombs is a fun and diverse group, making the experiences that much more rewarding. My favorite part about the academic side of the program was the ability to customize it to my goals. I came from an undergraduate business background, so I didn't feel as much of a need to focus on a broad academic experience, and rather spent my time focusing on a deeper experience, honing my skills in strategy, innovation, and design. I don't believe I would have had the same opportunity at many other programs. In terms of the extracurricular side, we were encouraged to participate in clubs and activities, even start our own clubs if what we were looking for didn't exist. I was able to get involved in club leadership in multiple organizations, and found that I was truly able to make an impact on the MBA experience for myself and for my classmates. To me, that is the key hallmark of the Texas MBA program: customization. You really do have the ability to make the program whatever you want it to be: academically, socially and even professionally. About professors, classes and curriculum I wish the program had been a bit more progressive in terms of certain career trajectories such as technology and innovation; however, because I was able to take classes in other schools on the UT campus outside of the MBA program and qualify those toward my major, I felt that I was able to make the absolute most of my experience. It would be nice to see the program push more to make those a part of the core MBA experience, although it is understandable that there is more focus on finance and consulting coursework given the general career goals of the student body. About job placement process One of the biggest challenges I had was trying to find employment outside of the "typical" geographic areas for the school (i.e. Texas and Silicon Valley). I was then given little assistance outside of resume and cover letter reviews and was essentially forced to do everything myself. I knew this would likely be an issue coming in, but it definitely was a challenge. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 4 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment September 25, 2021 cstpl sdsdsd January 29, 2018 wright2068 Joined: Jan 27, 2018 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Best two years of my life REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@mba18.mccombs.utexas.edu [?] This review is for McCombs Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program McCombs delivered a transformational experience to me. I successfully changed my career to finance. I made many lifelong friends. At the same time, it completely changed the way I think. Location: -Austin is a great place to live. Climate is great all year round. Tons of places to enjoy, whether you like food, outdoor sports, or bars. Every Thursday, we have a "Think 'n' Drink" social event at a different bar in downtown. -If you know, Austin is also called "Silicone Hills." So McCombs offers a lot of experiential opportunities at local companies as extracurricular projects. That has been a great opportunity for me to build my resume in the new career I am switching to. -Austin is also full of start-ups and VC firms. If you are thinking to launch your own business, this is also a great place to be. Plus McCombs has incredible resources for entrepreneurs. Career: Most people come to b-school to change careers. Texas MBA opened a lot of doors for me. Most consulting firms, investment banks, and many F500 companies recruit here. Student body: Very smart and extremely collaborative. People always help each other, whether with job interview prep, or coursework. McCombs brought a group of diverse people together, so I constantly got inspired by the diversity of thought when I interact with my peers. Alumni Network: McCombs has a very strong alumni network. The alumni are very warm and very willing to help. Facility: It is disappointing that we still can't move to the new building - Rowling Hall. I am not sure if I will still have a chance to sit in a class in the new building before graduation, but the class of 2019 and future classes will enjoy it for sure. Career services: I feel this is the only thing McCombs needs to improve. We have very strong professional clubs. If you want to be a consultant or a banker, you are in good hands. For other career paths, the support you can get from CMC is really limited, although you can always get help from peers, second years, professors and alumni. About professors, classes and curriculum I would be lying if I told you all my professors were great. But I must say most of my professors (core classes and electives) are top notch. They are not only good researchers, but also excellent teachers. They know how to deliver knowledge and develop your skills. They love students, so they care about us. Whenever needed, they are always accessible and ready to help, even after you graduate. Our class discussion is always inspiring. TBH, I visited other peer schools (top 15) before applying, and I was very impressed of McCombs' student quality. That is one reason why I decided to attend MBA here. As expected, my peers never let me down. Core classes are arranged in quarter system, and most of them are done in the fall semester of the first year. You have a new set of classes every 7 weeks. Things moved very fast in the first year. In the Spring semester of the first year, electives started to kick in. This is very helpful before going to intern - at least you can demonstrate to your employer that you've already known something if you are changing your career. McCombs has a wide range of electives to offer each semester to satisfy 10+ concentrations. I found the curriculum is very well rounded. In case you have special needs, you can always take classes from other schools (e.g. Law, LBJ Public Affairs, and so on). I feel McCombs offers more global opportunities than peers schools, such as Global Connections (every year we have different routes during spring break), Short-term overseas study programs (10-day programs in Germany, Denmark, Austria, or Israel), and semester long exchange student programs (many top b-school all over the world). Those study tours are absolutely some of my highlights. About job placement process Of the top tier consulting firms, only McKinsey doesn't come (I don't know why), although we still have people who are hired by McKinsey this year. All bulge bracket banks hire on campus. For corporate jobs, big tech firms (e.g. Google, Amazon, Apple, Microsoft, Dell), CPG firms (e.g. P&G, Pepsi, Kraft, Dr. Pepper), Gas and oil companies (e.g. Exxon Mobil, Conoco, Chevron), Airlines (Southwest, American Airline)... all come to hire. You will have a pretty good shot to get an internship or full-time job through CMC's job board. International students probably have a better chance at consulting/banking/tech firms, given the current visa sponsorship situation. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 6 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 28, 2018 TowableAphid Joined: Jul 25, 2015 Posts: 19 Kudos: 6 Self-reported Score: 760 Q49 V44 McCombs on the rise REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for McCombs Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program McCombs clearly has what it takes to be a top MBA program. The program offers excellent coursework paired with world-class hands-on learning opportunities along with a strong culture and community. While applying, I was underwhelmed by the old building when I visited but was optimistic about the new building under construction. While I may not get a chance to study there, I have a had a chance to see it - it rivals (if not surpasses) the facilities at Ross and other business schools with newer buildings. But above all, what helped me make my decision was the approachable community of students, faculty, staff and alumni who are more than willing to guide you even before you join McCombs. Once you are part of the McCombs family, you will have the support of this community for life. About professors, classes and curriculum There are many award-winning professors and most of the classes are extremely engaging. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Marketing Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Facilities Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 27, 2018 palladium Joined: Jan 27, 2018 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Small class, Big school, ATX REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@utexas.edu [?] This review is for McCombs Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program McCombs has been an unforgettable experience. The students, professors, and the staff are the perfect combination; getting the job done with intellect and rolling-up-your-sleeves. This unique culture at Texas is great for those wanting to get into tech, entrepreneurship, and the traditional routes of consulting and banking. The best part about McCombs is three-fold. First, the McCombs MBA is a smaller class than a lot of top-20 MBA programs. This allows you to develop relationships with other students and has the spirit of a close-knit family. Secondly, the McCombs MBA is housed within the greater University of Texas at Austin. This adds the robust resources and opportunities of a large nationally recognized research university to the McCombs MBA. And lastly, Austin. If you've never been, you must visit. And once you do you will understand. The weather is great (it's January and it is 60-70 degrees this week), the night life and music scene is never ending, the outdoors are beautiful and accessible, and Austin fits the single student and the student with a family. Altogether, the Texas MBA at McCombs is the right decision for anyone looking for a bright and diverse student body, a down to earth culture, and the best location of a top-20 school. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Facilities Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 27, 2018 eatpraylove Joined: Feb 16, 2011 Posts: 9 Kudos: 3 Self-reported Score: 710 Q48 V41 Decent but needs improvement REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for McCombs Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program Lots of international study options such as Global Connections, Washington Campus, Copenhagen Sustainability Program, Vienna Innovation etc,,. The program team is helpful and accommodating. All the professors are very approachable. You will get a good list of courses to choose from and most likely, you will not be able to do everything you wanted. Lots of fellowships exist to boost your career such as marketing fellows, board fellows, venture fellows, operations fellows etc. Course load is very high though and with recruiting, there is too much pressure. Doesn't provide much scholarship so think twice before applying coz its a huge loan otherwise. Overall BSchool experience (3.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (2.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Best fit at this program: Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment January 27, 2018 austinbound Joined: Jan 27, 2018 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Perfect balance of fun and work REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@utexas.edu [?] This review is for McCombs Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program I chose McCombs for several reasons, the location (gotta love that Austin sunshine), the focus on energy/environment and the entrepreneurial spirit. But I never imagined that the student and staff would be so supportive and collaborative. In retrospect, I can't imagine having nearly as much fun, or learning so much anywhere else. The only thing that was a little disappointing were the business school facilities (what do you expect for a 40ish% discount on cost relative to other top 20 business schools). The building is really old and the tech often doesn't work. But fear not, the next class can expect to enjoy a gorgeous new building, decked out with start of the art technology. Jealous! Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Location Culture & Student Support Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Best fit at this program: Finance Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Alumni Network Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 27, 2018 LSnyder876 Joined: Mar 29, 2012 Posts: 42 Kudos: 19 Self-reported Score: 770 Q49 V50 A program that is on its way REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for McCombs Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program McCombs is definitely still in up-and-coming mode. The location in Austin may be the best environment in the country to go to business school. Some of the professors are amazing, especially in the Marketing department. For Energy Finance and Real Estate McCombs is already a super elite program. That said, the curriculum, especially the core still needs some work and the administration isn't good enough for the stature of the program. As cool as Austin is, it's a little out of the way for recruiting. The career office needs to devote more resources to the actual recruiting process and less on guidance. The facilities sucked when I was there, but with the new building opening, they are sure to be a big plus going forward. About professors, classes and curriculum Core classes are uneven, but there are some great electives and the classes that have a good reputation have it because they are truly great. Believe the hype. (Except Raghunathan's Happiness course, don't take it) About job placement process Consulting recruiting was tough. McKinsey doesn't recruit MBAs at McCombs and Bain and BCG only take a couple a year. Deloitte hires a lot, but if you miss Deloitte you could be in trouble. Investment banking recruiting is mostly for Houston, but plenty of people go to NYC. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Location Culture & Student Support Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Best fit at this program: Finance Entrepreneurship Real Estate Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Admissions Team Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 27, 2018 jeff1090 Joined: Dec 21, 2016 Posts: 3 Kudos: 0 Verified GMAT Classic score: 710 Q47 V41 McCombs Review REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for McCombs Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program Think the class size is perfect -- not so big it's overwhelming and clicky, but not so small you are tired of seeing the same people. Culture has been a great fit for me, and the school does a fair amount of stuff with the local businesses in Austin. Great hands-on experiences for industry-specific verticals (marketing, operations, PE/VC, asset management). Was hoping career services had a better handle of recruiting processes relating to each firm. Kind of up to the student to figure out how each company will interview and how to prepare, which results in fragmented communication and not the best showing of our class. Great school overall -- like many schools, a lot of great characteristics but a few things could be improved. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Location Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Investment Banking Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment November 28, 2017 RigelKent Joined: Nov 15, 2017 Posts: 38 Kudos: 18 Self-reported Score: 630 Q40 V40 REVIEW McCombs MBA, Class 1990 REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@utexas.edu [?] This review is for McCombs Program Full Time MBA Class of 1990 Experience during the program A full week of orientation kicked off my MBA education. The atmosphere was like at ComiCon! Alumni, who were representing their (mostly Fortune 500) companies, set up over 60 recruiting booths throughout the school of business. They passed out business cards and company recruiting brochures. It was a can-do business festival atmosphere! The alumni gave us newbies positive reinforcement and asked about our ultimate career choices. All company representatives encouraged us to attend the upcoming mock interview sessions and networking events. They also recommended which professors and which classes to take, according to our interests. The formal lectures featured several alumni now in upper management (at various Fortune 500 companies), and established Texas politicians. About professors, classes and curriculum All classes were taught by PhD professors, most of whom are “endowed chairs.” The walls of the halls are covered with brass plaques announcing each professor’s appointment and sponsor company. The books you will read are authored by your professors, so you better have read the assignment -- you will be expected to contribute to the class discussion. This is where work experience will be a definite plus. Real-world experience will flavor class discussion with a bit of “been there, done that,” and “this is how it was done at XYZ, Inc.” At McCombs, you will be expected to think for yourself and to defend your idea. One professor would, at random, ask students questions based on a front-page article in the day’s Wall Street Journal. Discussions are oral, but assignments are written, hence the GMAT sections that test your reading and writing skills. Example: In my Organizational Behavior class, all weekly assignments were limited to a one-page report. So, a 20-page case study had to be “boiled down” and discussed in 250 words (using 12-point type). This restriction was part of the assignment. Why? In the real world, your boss will already have to read dozens of reports. She needs to have actionable and succinct information. She doesn’t have the time to read your “War and Peace” every single day. About job placement process Be sure to join one of the student organizations. During the weekly meetings, you will be able to connect with other students you may not meet in any of your classes. The dean will ask each student organization to help during the recruiting sessions. This may include meeting the company reps at the airport, conduct brief campus tours, and help setting up their booth. This is an excellent opportunity to informally learn more about the reps’ recruiting objectives and their companies’ vision / mission. Be sure to dress for success! Your will gain points with the recruiter by easing their burden. Example: Back in the day, after talking with several recruiters about their week-long tours through various universities, I learned each recruiter had to read over 100 resumes every night. By the next recruiting session, I had produced a “recruiter’s package” that showcased my club members. The package included a printed booklet and a floppy disk, each with all our resumes. Now, the recruiter could quickly conduct keyword searches and save their eyes. The dean suggested we sell each package for $50. My club earned over $2,000 that year! Lesson: Find a niche and fill it! During the day, booths showcased the company, while interviews were conducted in various small meeting rooms throughout the building. During the evening, Fortune 500 companies hosted wine-and-shrimp networking events at various downtown hotels. Here, students rubbed shoulders with upper management -- maybe even with the CEO! Be sure to dress for success and have your questions and business cards at the ready. Great experience! First class education! No wonder, UT Austin ranks in the top 20! Enjoy the perks of a highly-respected and well-funded university. Good luck and be sure to have fun! You can do it! Hook’em Horns! Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Facilities Best fit at this program: Marketing Can be improved: Alumni Network Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules