15 LBS Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews LBS Reviews MBA Program rating [15] (4.6) Submit a review June 18, 2025 GraemeGmatPanda Joined: Apr 13, 2020 Posts: 99 Kudos: 137 Self-reported Score: 750 Top Business School with arguably the best Student Culture This review is for LBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program I had among the best 2 years of my life at LBS The student cohort is incredibly diverse, smart and friendly. The location in the heart of London is unique The program is so flexible that i fit in 3 internships! Their facilities have also improved since I graduated, with a new building and a renovation of the old campus. The fact that it doesnt have an undergrad course somewhat diminishes it's brand among people who are not familiar with MBAs, but within the MBA world it's a top brand and consistently ranked among the best in Europe/World Graeme MBA2016 Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Location Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment July 19, 2023 8.toastcrunch Joined: Mar 13, 2023 Posts: 101 Kudos: 111 Master in Management REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for LBS Program Masters in Management Class of 2021 Experience during the program During my time in the Master in Management Program at London Business School, I had an incredibly enriching and fulfilling experience. The program not only provided me with a solid academic foundation but also exposed me to a diverse and stimulating environment that fostered personal and professional growth. Academic Excellence: The curriculum was well-structured and comprehensive, covering various business domains that are essential for a successful career. The faculty members were highly knowledgeable and passionate about their subjects, and they encouraged active class participation and critical thinking. The case study approach helped me develop analytical and decision-making skills, which have been invaluable in my career. Global Exposure: Interacting with classmates from different countries and professional backgrounds was a unique aspect of the program. Collaborating with individuals with diverse perspectives and experiences broadened my horizons and made me appreciate the importance of cultural intelligence in today's globalized business world. Networking Opportunities: London Business School's strong alumni network and various networking events provided me with access to a wide range of industry professionals. Engaging with alumni and guest speakers allowed me to gain insights into different industries and career paths, which ultimately influenced my post-graduation choices. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (3.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Finance Marketing Management Can be improved: Alumni Network Admissions Team Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment August 18, 2023 bb Thanks so much for sharing your experience at LBS. Did you find a job? How was recruiting during the program? How is on campus recruiting or should one expect to recruit on their own? Did you graduate? I see it says Class of 2021 - is that right? I see you joined GMAT Club in 2023... just checking. Thank you! June 29, 2020 madhurajmishra Joined: Feb 18, 2019 Posts: 43 Kudos: 7 Self-reported Score: 530 Life in LBS REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@london.edu [?] This review is for LBS Program EMBA Class of 2021 Experience during the program This was a luck I got admission in late application submission I have submitted my application in December 19 And got admission on 3jan 2020 for jan session Admission team was very helpful in process and support Also after admission Orientation classes are like complete change in life This was like a transformation where We are from London and Dubai campus Came together and learned so many things from Culture and business point of view I have used my Executive assessment score in application Even I was having GMAT score as well Overall I am happy with college life at LBS This was a best decision to apply in LBS I will suggest new joiners please attend the networking event and round the table even to get all the necessary information This will give a basic idea about complete process Hope this post will be useful to you You can share your comments in inbox About professors, classes and curriculum Few professors are really best in class About job placement process Please contact in person inbox Because personal aspirations may vary Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Location Brand/Ranking Admissions Team Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Culture Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Tech Can be improved: Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 30, 2018 Niemea Joined: Dec 21, 2016 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 LBS helped me get my dream job! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@london.edu [?] This review is for LBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program Many students need the MBA to get their dream job. LBS helped me get mine. By the help of the school and the career centre I managed to secure a summer internship at Amazon which led to a full time offer. Located in central London and close the largest companies, LBS offers great career opportunities. In terms of the program, the first year is very intense. However, given the three exist points that LBS offers, the second year is very flexible. Many students undertake a second internship, find a part time job, travel the world, or graduate early. That enables the student to shape their own path. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Career opportunities provided by school Location Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Alumni Network Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment January 28, 2018 lottitan Joined: Oct 22, 2013 Posts: 3 Kudos: 0 Self-reported Score: 690 Q51 V31 A bit disappointed; a bit regret choosing LBS, honestly REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for LBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program If you are not an European, neither have you got any connections to Europe, LBS is definitely not for you. The British are quite xenophobic in general, so as an Asian I never felt I belong to London. LBS has a strong reputation in London, but only in London, I’m afraid. So think carefully before committing to this choice. LBS is cheaper compared to other world Top 10 MBA programs, but as I said, if you don’t belong to Europe, it is still not worth it to study in London. If you want to use an MBA study as a way to immigrate, American schools are way better. I would have chosen an American school, if I knew upfront what l would encounter in those two years. FYI, every word above is sincere. About job placement process If you want to work in the EMEA area, LBS is perfect. Otherwise, please choose an American school. Overall BSchool experience (2.0) Schools contribution (2.0) Classmates rating (2.0) Strengths of the program: Location Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Read More Helpful 17 Not Helpful 10 Post a comment January 31, 2018 shoro Everything in your review is wrong except for the sentence regarding working in EMEA (although South America and Asia ought to be included here too). The data speaks for itself. https://www.london.edu/programmes/masters-courses/mba/class-profile https://www.london.edu/programmes/masters-courses/mba/career-impact January 31, 2018 bb The rule of thumb is that the man/woman on the ground has the best perspective. Unless you are a current student, you should absorb every piece of information and appreciate an honest perspective. January 31, 2018 shoro I agree. The data suggests the review was not written by an LBS MBA student or alum. August 04, 2019 dcummins This is quite a disturbing or perhaps overly sensitive comment. @BB can you in any way verify the reviewer? August 04, 2019 bb This review was posted before we started requiring verification of the school's email address so I have looked up the user on linked in using their email and I can confirm that they indeed have attended LBS ans graduated in 2016 as suggested on their profile. https://gmatclub.com/forum/members/member-386351.html Further, per their LinkedIn profile with 300+ personal connections, this person found work outside of Europe, as indeed stated on the review. It leads to be believe it is an honest and a real review. June 10, 2021 shoro The review states "The British are quite xenophobic in general" - this is most definitely not true and exposes an underlying agenda . The rest of the review is similarly unfairly biased. January 28, 2018 mcoin Joined: Oct 12, 2016 Posts: 7 Kudos: 5 LBS is the Ultimate World MBA Experience REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@london.edu [?] This review is for LBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program London Business School has a great reputation for Finance, Consulting and Banking. Although this is still true, the Tech and Entrepreneurship communities are taking over LBS, which has given the school a fresh innovate atmosphere. A new LBS building called the Samy Ofer Center just opened this year and is already proving to be a valuable addition to the program. The more than 420 students that come through the doors are originally form over 130 countries, which provides the most diverse student body of any MBA program. I've been truly impressed with the amazing classmates I have this year, I've never been between such highly capable individuals that range from military, government, marketing, investment banking and entrepreneurs. Additionally, being in London is something that cannot be taken for granted, Brexit or not, this is the place you want to be! Recruiting is much better than I expected. The career services offer plenty of help and all the biggest companies from Tech, Banking, Consulting, Consumer and Luxury come to recruit from day one. If you like to travel this is also the MBA for you. Having been to dozens of countries and 3 continents in just first term is mind boggling. Also, to have people from all this corners of the world in your class, makes every trip a locally curated one, which is a perfect way to understand the world. Ultimately, if you don't want a cookie-cutter and be surrounded by the most amazing talent in the world, you need to apply to London Business School. About professors, classes and curriculum The program is extremely flexible, yo only have one term of core clases, and the other 5 you can choose the right path for you. You can also go on exchange with the best institutions in the world (8 out of the top 10 in USA) and even have two internships. About job placement process You won't have an issue getting a job. Not only do all the big companies recruit year-round, but also local businesses from all over the world come to LBS to find global talent. As an example, through the MBA office I applied to summer internships in companies located in Sweden, Japan, Argentina, Belgium, Singapore, Dubai and Johannesburg, to name a few. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Location Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Admissions Team Read More Helpful 6 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment January 27, 2018 kasiaw99 Joined: Jan 20, 2015 Posts: 8 Kudos: 7 Self-reported Score: 710 Q48 V40 Getting the most from a diverse student body REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for LBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program The outstanding part of LBS was the quality and diversity of the student body. I met and benefited from peers from around the world, and will continue to take advantage of the worldwide network as I advance in my career. I went to LBS to change career paths and locations - I was able to do just that, moving from finance and into a tech role. Living in London was also an unparalleled experience - there was always something fun and exciting to do, and networking and recruiting was made easy by being in a global city. I would recommend LBS for anyone who is looking to get out of their comfort zone and who likes a challenge. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Read More Helpful 4 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 27, 2018 NMP Joined: Apr 26, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Verified GMAT Classic score: 720 Q47 V44 Exceeded my expectations REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for LBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program LBS has been such a wonderful experience this past couple of months - and I really think this program is underrated. Awesome student body The class is extremely diverse and I know after this I will have a close connection with someone from all major economic zones fo the world. Furthermore, most people being down to earth and eager to connect and help each other and we have a lot fun - balls, cultural days, weekly pub etc. Lastly, the school spends a lot of time working to help the study groups bond and work together. This has been a great learning exercise too. Fantastic career development and coaching opportunities There is not one day that goes by where there isn't some exciting talk on campus from established corporates, start-ups, business icons and even sports figures. There is plenty of opportunity to learn and build a network in whatever your area of focus is London location is a big advantage). I was also impressed by how much leadership/personal coaching have access to including a one-on-one session with an executive coach early on in the program. Pick your own adventure program The ability to tailor and design the experience you want is really a great advantage. Whether that is doing 2 internships, doing an exchange to an international Uni or travel the program gives you a chance to truly explore. An opportunity that is very in life. Such a great program, the school could do better to promote what it is offering because it's offering is far superior to some schools ranked above it. About professors, classes and curriculum A mix bag of professors especially in the core curriculum. However, as a theme though most seem to really care about the students and be passionate about teaching. About job placement process The school provides an easy structured process to intern/work at the typical post-MBA jobs (consulting, banking, Amazon etc.) They could do better with guiding students not interested in the typical paths. So far, however, a combination of the LBS brand, London location, Alumni network and campus events have provided me some access to alternative opportunities. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 27, 2018 Azn84 Joined: Dec 07, 2012 Posts: 58 Kudos: 15 Self-reported Score: 690 Q39 V45 Best time of my life REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for LBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2015 Experience during the program I moved from the US to do my BSchool in the UK, and nearly every other person asks me why I didn't go to one of the many fantastic schools in the states? I come from banking pre-MBA and despite what college applications ask you to say, I really wanted to figure out what I wanted to do. In the US, recruitment varies by school region, and even area of work varies by which office you end up in. The beauty of London is that it's all there... From ur banks, to retail, tech firms, startups, pharm, etc. It makes it so much easier to grab coffee chats with recruiters, alumni, and wider community looking for smart people. I am happy to say post MBA it worked doubt well for me as I got to complete two different internships (another big pro for LBS) and worked on little projects during my 2nd year to figure out what works best for me. On the flip side, this school is not for people who don't like meeting numerous people, and networking, etc. I had some friends who felt lost and overwhelmed by everything that was available to them. You are also competing with everyone else In Europe trying to get to London. In terms of getting into one of these schools, yes give either ur bets shot, do ur extra curricula, do well at work... But the actual selection process is a black box... You neve r know why you got into one school and not in the other.. About professors, classes and curriculum The curriculum is OK.. I learn best from people, and there is a lot of working with your classmates. About job placement process All major companies recruit.. Visa policies are friendlier here than in the states... But they still exist... So world is ur oyster.. Unless you need a visa Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Facilities Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment May 25, 2017 y11458 Joined: May 18, 2016 Posts: 2 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 720 Q50 V36 Outstanding class REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@london.edu [?] This review is for LBS Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program Not the most organised administration office, but the diversity and experience of the class more than makes up for it. My 425 classmates come from about 80 different countries. Great people, fantastic treks around the world (skiing in the French Alps, partying in Japan, safariing im South Africa, hot air ballooning in Myanmar, playing rugby at Duke to only name a few) and unbeatable drinking culture (free food and unlimited beer/wine/cider at Sundowners every Thursday night). In regards to career services and internship hunting, LBS is definitely strong in the consulting and finance fields, but could offer more support to non traditional MBA paths. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Facilities Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules