18 Haas Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews Haas Reviews MBA Program rating [18] (4.8) Submit a review January 29, 2023 r532 Joined: Feb 20, 2020 Posts: 2 Kudos: 6 Self-reported Score: 710 Q48 V40 Culture culture culture REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Berkeley Haas Program Full Time MBA Class of 2023 Experience during the program Compared to other schools, Berkeley Haas is strongly defined by its culture, which sounds great, but it's something to be aware of: it might not be for everyone. On a personal level, it will nurture a strong growth as you're surrounded by diversity and classmates strongly driven by a desire to leave a positive impact on the world. This is also reflected in the faculty which is strongly motivated to be here and will go to incredible lengths to help you out, both academically and professionally. Haas is part of the bigger UC system (which is a public school) which more often than not can be a pain, however, it also gives access to a plethora of additional electives that one can pick from outside of the business school. Berkeley itself it's a very sleepy place and as such it fosters stronger bonds with your classmates, with whom you will be spending a lot of time and get to know (at least interact with) the vast majority of them. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 31, 2018 ErinC Joined: Jan 31, 2018 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Beyond Haasome REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@mba.berkeley.edu [?] This review is for Berkeley Haas Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program Simply put, Haas rocks. First year has been a whirlwind in the best possible way. To dig in, here are a few more specific details: Career: The Career Management Group (CMG) has more resources than there is time to take advantage of them. They are particularly well-equipped to help students following more "traditional" paths (consulting, banking, marketing, tech, etc.), but have great general counselors to help those on entrepreneurship, social impact, and other non-traditional pathways. There are also tons of ways outside of CMG to help with career work, including: Bay Area startups looking for part-time interns during the school year, tons of accelerator programs (you can be staff or put a company through), and entrepreneurship classes. Academics: The Core professors are really strong, and elective faculty are equally or more awesome. Smaller class size means you have great access to faculty. Grade nondisclosure policy means that academics are hard but low-stress. Social: Saved the best for last. The people are Haas are amazing. They are warm, driven, kind, humble, and tons of fun. Haas truly does recruit against the defining principles, so if those resonate with you that's a sign Haas is a good fit. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Career opportunities provided by school Location Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Marketing Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 5 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment January 30, 2018 admitme123 Joined: Dec 18, 2016 Posts: 1 Kudos: 5 Verified GMAT Classic score: 750 Q48 V46 Tech and great people REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for Berkeley Haas Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program Your classmates are good people (not the stereotypical arrogant MBA master of the universe types) and there is a huge range of background (consultants to teachers to chefs to bankers etc.). It is a public school so there are resource limitations as a consequence (think careers service and on campus food) but the location is unbeatable and the weather is perfect. I came to Berkeley for tech and entrepreneurship and it has an enormous pool of resources to support this (crucially Berkeley is one of the best interdisciplinary universities in the world so you have access to world-leading engineers from a huge range of specializations which is incredibly helpful for testing an idea). Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Facilities Read More Helpful 5 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 29, 2018 haasomecard Joined: Jan 29, 2018 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 One of a kind REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@mba.berkeley.edu [?] This review is for Berkeley Haas Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program Haas hadn't been my first choice. Then I visited, and realized pretty quickly that this school was without a doubt the best fit for me. Haas oozes innovation, collaboration, and a genuine desire to transform its students into leaders who are not just self-confident but self-aware. After just one semester, I understand why my HBS friend wished she'd gotten into Haas, and why so many of my classmates turned down more highly-ranked schools. Haasies self-select into this community because the people are incredible. They are brilliant and ambitious but humble and supportive. Also, the weather is great. I'd recommend future applicants internalize our four defining leadership principles. They really aren't just marketing gimmicks! We represent them going in, strive to embody them while we're here, and champion them after we leave. About professors, classes and curriculum I think Haas has had trouble finding superstar professors to teach certain core classes. Many are fantastic; others are awful. We're also a small school, which is great on the community front but I imagine we have fewer course offerings than large business schools. That said, because we're part of UC Berkeley, you can take classes across the entire university. About job placement process I wasn't sure if Haas would have the same recruitment caliber as HSW, but virtually every company recruits here, and Haas definitely has a leg up on entrepreneurship opportunities. My career interests have me working outside the school's formal career resources, and I've been surprised at how strong the Berkeley Haas brand is. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Location Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Tech Entrepreneurship Management Health Care Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Read More Helpful 4 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment January 29, 2018 dkalb21 Joined: Sep 03, 2016 Posts: 1 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 690 Q43 V41 Loving the Haas EWMBA! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@berkeley.edu [?] This review is for Berkeley Haas Program EWMBA Class of 2020 Experience during the program The EWMBA program at Haas has far exceeded my expectations. The curriculum is challenging but not overwhelming and the professors are all extremely knowledgeable and helpful. Homework volume fluctuates week to week but overall isn't as bad as I expected. The fellow classmates are great people and contribute significantly to the educational experience during in class discussions. You get assigned a study group of 5 people at orientation and work closely with them the first year. Your mileage may vary with the group, but most teams seem to work well together. I would encourage future applicants to embrace the 4 defining principals if they are serious about enrolling at Haas. It's not just lip service and the school is really looking for people that live by those standards. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 29, 2018 ndkkang23 Joined: Dec 05, 2014 Posts: 13 Kudos: 4 UC Berkeley Haas Review REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Berkeley Haas Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program A Community that cares about Impact The moment I came to welcome weekend and met all the great people here, I knew I was at home. It was an "aha" moment for me because these were people I could call family even while being thousands of miles apart from my own family on the East Coast. At Haas, I'm surrounded by a shared passion to be a better person and to pay it forward. Prior to Haas I was always committed to giving back to others; I've helped create a nonprofit in Atlanta and did a lot of volunteering at a hospital in my formative years. That desire to be a great and good business leader is a strong shared tie among Haas students. That was a big selling point for me. Ultimately I want to see the work I do result in some sort of change. For the International Business Development course I took in Hong Kong, we recommended that our client enter into a strategic partnership or consider an acquisition. A couple weeks later, I opened up LinkedIn to see our client announce the acquisition that we had recommended. It was gratifying to see that I had made a useful contribution. Choosing your MBA environment I wanted to be in an environment where I was isolated from work so that I could be present and give it my all. I wanted to really focus on all the parts of the experience, social and academic, and undergo both a personal and professional transformation. The Bay Area is an ecosystem of cutting-edge companies that are at the forefront of innovation. I wanted to be part of that, and I knew Haas's location, as well as its reputation, would help me connect with that world. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Location Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 29, 2018 ragreen22 Joined: Jan 29, 2018 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 I REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@berkeley.edu [?] This review is for Berkeley Haas Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program I have absolutely loved my time Haas so far. The school's culture and community have exceeded its reputation. All of my peers truly embody Haas's defining principles. Another factor that exceeded my expectations has been the alumni support. All of the Haas alumni I've reached out to have been more than happy to speak with me and provide support for my job search. I have learned so much already in my classes. They are a mix of case studies, lecture, and discussion which keeps the classes interesting. The homework load is not too much and leaves plenty of time for career exploration and extra curricular activities. Haas has a good number and variety of electives. As someone who is going into renewable energy, I am really happy with the energy related classes as Haas. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Location Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Entrepreneurship Management Energy Can be improved: Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 29, 2018 ohdarren Joined: Jan 06, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Verified GMAT Classic score: 730 Q49 V42 Great location, inclusive community, great for Tech careers REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for Berkeley Haas Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program - Location: Haas clearly benefits from the strategic location: right in the Bay, well-connected to any city in the States and everywhere in the world. There are always tons of conferences, careers-oriented workshop, inspirational talks in the area... - Inclusion: The Haas community embodies deeply the idea of diversity, inclusion, and equality. As an international student, I consider this is by far the biggest reason why I picked Haas and I've been not disappointed so far. - Careers: supporting alumni network, great location and branding give Haas students a huge advantage during the job search. Especially for those considering anything related to tech, including Fintech, AI/ML... Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Facilities Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment January 28, 2018 unbounded Joined: Dec 24, 2010 Posts: 15 Kudos: 33 Self-reported Score: 700 Q47 V40 EWMBA @ Haas REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Berkeley Haas Program EWMBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program The EWMBA program at Berkeley, Haas has it pluses and minuses. The location of the school is great, alumni network is strong, and the school lends itself to Entrepreneurship well. However there are a few factors that could do with some improvement. 1. Course options for weekenders: This is a relatively small group of classes and there is a strong need to diversify if the school wants to continue attracting strong candidates over the weekend. Other options like Booth, Kellogg, UCLA etc provide strong competition. 2. The student pool is very strong, with experienced individuals with solid backgrounds. However a little diversity in the class would help. 3. On campus recruiting could take some help as well. Currently the school caters heavily to fresh grad jobs. and there arent a lot of opportunities for the experienced candidate pool the EWMBA program attracts. Having said that, students are great and down to earth, and most of the professors are awesome. The alumni network is huge, and the program has been consistently ranked number 1. So definite pluses there. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (2.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Location Best fit at this program: Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 27, 2018 billmurray Joined: Aug 30, 2014 Posts: 37 Kudos: 20 A west coast Tuck with a tech focus instead of consulting REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for Berkeley Haas Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Similar to Tuck, Haas has the following benefits associated with a small class size of 280 students: - You'll know almost everyone and large parties / social events are open to the entire class - When it comes to recruiting, instead of competition there is a spirit of collaboration - With much of the school seeking tech jobs, there are VERY few people that seek investment banking despite the fact that nearly all the banks recruit on campus. Enough to prep together but essentially zero competition for spots. The drawbacks are that: - The diversity of classes is limited; you won't find the same variety of courses you'll find at HBS/Wharton/MIT - Mid-tier consulting firms don't recruit on campus (e.g., Accenture) given they've had trouble finding talent - Many of the firms that offer rotational programs (e.g., General Mills) don't recruit on campus If you want to land a job in the Bay Area, Haas and Stanford are your best bschool networks. If you want a job on the east coast, Haas is probably not ideal. You can do a semester exchange at Columbia Business School, but for summer internship recruiting you can expect to be flying more than you would expect. People are awesome. Great for liberals. Terrible for MAGA's. Weather is awesome; the only schools with better weather are UCLA and Stanford. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Career opportunities provided by school Location Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Limited coursework related to human resources Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules