12 Sloan MIT Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews Sloan MIT Reviews MBA Program rating [12] (5.0) Submit a review February 04, 2023 sc2226 Joined: Sep 26, 2021 Posts: 4 Kudos: 2 Verified GMAT Classic score: 750 Q47 V45 Passionate and humble classmates with great school resources! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for Sloan (MIT) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2024 Experience during the program As a first year, I have been surprised by the sheer amount of resources and opportunities that are available to all students, such as the incredible entrepreneurial ecosystem. If you are interested in something, there will be a way for you to do it - whether it's starting your own FinTech startup through FinTech Ventures, completing an internship with a company through PM Lab, or even taking a coding class within the MIT engineering community. Please share about the school, career services, and student life. My favorite part of the program has to be the students and my classmates - people have such diverse backgrounds and interests and are incredibly collaborate and supportive of each other, whether it's your core team doing accounting homework together, or prepping for a case interview, people are always willing to help. When I was applying for my MBA, I wanted to be part of a program that was on the smaller side and where I could become close to my cohort. With ~400 students per year, it's been a great experience always having the opportunity to meet new people, but still know a large majority of people in the class. My advice for prospective student is: Be sure to highlight past examples and stories of leadership in your cover letter and application. In addition, if you come to Sloan - be open-minded about experiences and opportunities, and embrace the discomfort. Whether it's taking a class you don't know anything about, grabbing coffee with someone you don't know, launching your own venture, or joining a rock band (a plug for Rolling Sloans), discomfort can mean a lot of amazing growth and learning! About professors, classes and curriculum The professors are incredibly well-respected and leaders in their field. It's inspiring to take classes with them and become close with them, which is very common at Sloan. In addition, there are a wide selection of courses within Sloan (and across MIT and Harvard, where you are welcome to take classes as well!). Even though Sloan is not officially a "non-grade-disclosure" program, it's very hard to get lower than a B if you put in some effort into the class. However, I find that the emphasis on in-person classes/lack of flexibility for students missing classes for recruiting to be a surprise and an area for improvement. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Admissions Team Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 30, 2018 RCap12 Joined: Dec 09, 2015 Posts: 3 Kudos: 0 MIT Sloan supported my successful career change REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Sloan (MIT) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program MIT Sloan has been an exceptional experience and exceeded my expectations in supporting my career change from Military to Consulting. I initially dismissed MIT in my MBA applications as too "technical." However, as I spoke to more people, applied, and have spent the past year here I feel that MIT excels in all technical and analytics topics while not compromising on traditional management education. Career/Recruiting My goal entering MIT was to enter consulting in the short term and prepare for international management in Asia. To that end, I took a broad curriculum in all management basics, with a specialization in business analytics through Sloan's new Analytics certificate. For results, Sloan's Asian Business Conference led me to intern at an outstanding Japanese company as their first ever MBA intern, and earn a full-time offer at a Management Consulting firm. I have found that the formula of my military (interpreted as high soft skills) combined with cutting-edge analytics training at MIT (about as technical as it gets in business) generates immediate interest from most executives with whom I have interviewed. Culture: Hands-down, Sloan has the top 2-3 cultures among all MBA programs. Students and alumni are high-quality, close-knit, ultra-supportive, and excited about Sloan. When connecting with alumni in firms or industries of interest, I have close to a 100% response rate. Culture is definitely more casual at Sloan compared to other top programs; it's very much a t-shirt/button-down results-over-appearance culture. About professors, classes and curriculum Strengths: 1) Access to the ENTIRE MIT ecosystem for classes. 2) Anything Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Science related. 3) System Dynamics (it was invented here) 4) Operations: Logistics, Supply Chain, etc... Management staples: Finance, Accounting, Marketing etc..are universally high quality but I wouldn't say that they are ground-breaking or a special strength. Weaknesses: Leadership: Limited curriculum and less focus on the students future role as leaders of large companies. In general, Sloan seems not to be viewed as a general management program. About job placement process Outstanding placement in consulting and tech. Most people (80%+) that wanted a consulting offer seemed to get at least one of their top 5 firms. That being said, MBB is still very tough here and I estimate no more than 40% of people who recruited for consulting got an MBB offer. Tech: Amazon is the strongest tech firm on campus (around 10-20 people headed there I believe). To some degree Google (around 5 full-time offers I believe), while Facebook doesn't really come up very often. Tesla has also recently started recruiting here and will take some full-time folks. Entrepreneurship: If you want to do a start-up or join one, the sky's the limit here. Extremely strong alumni network into startups and the Martin Trust Center for Entrepreneurship with Bill Aulet is an outstanding starting point for getting into startups. Finance: Full Disclosure: Didn't participate in finance recruiting myself. Some of the main banks come here but finance is less popular at Sloan as a rule. For some people, this is an advantage as there is less competition for slots but there are also a few top banks that don't come here because of the smaller student body and reduced level of interest. Still, academically, there is a strong history of finance learning at Sloan and my finance oriented classmates are very satisfied with their learning. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Facilities Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Leadership Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment October 03, 2017 maas Joined: Jul 24, 2016 Posts: 19 Kudos: 18 Self-reported Score: 670 Q48 V34 Amazing Experience so far!! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@sloan.mit.edu [?] This review is for Sloan (MIT) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2019 Experience during the program So far it has been an amazing ride! It is like Disney World for adults. Sloan admissions staff are very picky, but they do an amazing job of getting humble, down to Earth individuals with simply amazing/impressive backgrounds. Honestly the students here are so amazing. The ocean system (cohorts) are awesome I love my ocean!! What I love about Sloan is that there is sooo much to do. Constant innovation in every activity, class, project. But the SOCIAL LIFE has been unbeatable. Sloanies love to travel, go out and get to know each other. BHP bar every Wednesday, C-Functions (Beer Consumption Functions) on Thursdays, Treks to all over the world (with more than half the class going on these treks), Pre-Function (Trip before Orientation - I got to go to Prague) ski trip, balls, Oktoberfest, Clubs, retreats, the list goes on and on. I can't say enough about my classmates. I feel like I am studying with the next set of billionaires. Definitely a big entrepreneurial culture (even if you are not an entrepreneur like me). The access to the rest of MIT is amazing, having the MIT email alone has given me incredible power to network not just with alumni, but CEOs and entrepreneurs. I came from NY with a Finance background, the finance professors are top notch (already met a handful of MIT finance Nobel Laureates) and being taught by one at the moment. I am so happy that I chose Sloan, I want to stay in Finance, so it was not an easy decision (I was also accepted at 2 other Finance Heavy M7 schools). But I definitely made the right one!! About professors, classes and curriculum Sloan has only one core semester which you take with your "ocean". It is lots of fun, and VERY flexible after Core. School makes sure to pack the core with top notch professors. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 6 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 13, 2017 jibazet Joined: Aug 15, 2013 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 MIT Sloan first year REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Sloan (MIT) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program The first semester at MIT Sloan School of Management exceeded my initial expectations. What I valued the most of these first 6 months is the people I met. Everyone is extremely collaborative and supportive. If applying to consulting, there is a great community of both first and second years that will dedicate a lot of time to helping others. Another thing I loved is the innovative and technology driven culture. There is always something new going on around campus and most things are free for every student to access. One suggestion I would make to future applicants is to talk to many people from the schools you are applying. It is better to find your perfect fit than to drive your applications by the rankings. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Facilities Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 08, 2017 bcya100 Joined: Dec 14, 2014 Posts: 27 Kudos: 9 Self-reported Score: 760 Q49 V45 Love Sloan REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Sloan (MIT) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program Having researched the school and interacted with plenty of classmates before school, I came into Sloan with high expectations. But I have to say that the school has exceeded them all. Two things have especially stood out for me: the opportunities and the people. I knew that attending MIT would open a lot of doors, but I am amazed on a daily basis how many doors have been opened for me and how much companies and people value and respect the MIT brand. Additionally, the variety and breadth of classes that a student can take is outstanding. But it's the people that make Sloan what it is. Everyone is super friendly and accessible - always willing to help with classwork, networking, or advice and support for personal issues. I knew coming in that I would be involved in the community, but the energy is infectious and you end up doing four or five times the activities and events you thought you would. I cannot say enough good things about the school, best decision I have ever made. About professors, classes and curriculum Tons of variety and opportunities. The professors are super engaging and interesting, and the short core curriculum gives you the freedom to explore a variety of fields and interests. About job placement process Sloan has a quiet period for the first month of core where companies cannot contact students, allowing the students to get their bearings with school and social life before diving into the recruiting process. Once that starts, you are wined and dined by top companies on a daily basis, and there are more opportunities than students. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Location Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Student body, diversity Read More Helpful 4 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 04, 2017 helvcn Joined: Apr 18, 2015 Posts: 26 Kudos: 7 Verified GMAT Classic score: 740 Q50 V40 Review for MIT Sloan FullTime MBA REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for Sloan (MIT) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program The classmates are very humble and friendly. You will work with a core team of 7 members in the first semester. The school has a ton of resources if you want to start your own company. For the recruiting, it has a very structured process for IBD, consulting and technology. Sloan is the target school for all major consulting firms and investment banks. The competition for IBD jobs is significantly less intense than peer schools as there are less applicants. In terms of the academic, you can choose up to 3 courses in either Harvard or other departments from MIT. And the one-semester core really helps me to customize my MBA experience. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Facilities Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 04, 2017 coblin Joined: Mar 22, 2015 Posts: 27 Kudos: 4 Self-reported Score: 740 Q50 V40 Admissions does a great job at selecting to create a down-to-earth culture REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@mit.edu [?] This review is for Sloan (MIT) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program MIT Sloan is the business school for people who have hesitations about joining an environment of Type A, hyper-competitive students -- something business schools have unfortunately become known for. This is supported by three driving forces: 1) Admissions intentionally selects to create a down-to-earth culture 2) No strong requirement (but introspection still required!) to know your career path post-MBA 3) Sloan is always humbled by the engineering presence in the entire context of MIT Starting with the culture, the famous Rod Garcia, who has led the MIT Sloan admissions team for longer than almost any other business school, is known and highly respected for his ability to pick the right candidates to fill the seats at MIT Sloan. The result is a cohort of humble (instead of proud), collaborative (instead of competitive) and accomplished (although you wouldn't know it if you met them at a party) students. This means, despite lack of non-grade disclosure, the cohort is more than willing to share with everyone else, maximizing learning and development opportunities for everyone. The cohort is encouraged to be proud of being the best "team" material, based on the thesis that teams, not individuals, are what drive business and action in the real world. In an environment that does not start with a facetious post MBA goal, everyone is encouraged to take risks, with no baggage or excuses, further contributing to the shared struggle and culture described above. In a way, this culture is necessary, in an environment such as MIT that is so dominated by the engineering schools, who will always remain skeptical of the business school students. The culture goes a long way in connecting these faculties, and can claim to have one of most well integrated entrepreneurship centers, reaching across Sloan and engineering rather than in individual silos. However, this culture does not come without its opportunity costs. While the focus is internal, and maximises the enrichment of the student cohort, it does not perform as strong at representing and boasting its advantages to the public. As a result, Sloan probably ranks 1-3 spots below where it belongs on most business school rankings, if that matters to you. But it doesn't seem to matter to the students who apply and are ultimately accepted into Sloan's collaborative culture. About professors, classes and curriculum The one-semester Core is a great common bonding experience for the whole class, and is brief enough to provide space for 3 semesters of electives. However, the challenge of staffing the core subjects with enough high quality lecturers diminishes the experience of Core subjects. This is in stark contrast to my experience with elective subjects, which have a very high quality. Part of this challenge could be mitigated by streaming students or allowing waivers from certain subjects -- for example, all students need to take economics, accounting or statistics even if they have majored in it. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Culture & Student Support Admissions Team Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 04, 2017 dailydose Joined: Sep 17, 2015 Posts: 25 Kudos: 5 Verified GMAT Classic score: 730 Q48 V41 MIT Sloan: Underrated Option for Career Switchers REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for Sloan (MIT) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program Two things have made my experience at Sloan great: 1) the fantastic culture embodied by the student community and 2) the variety of interests and expertise available at MIT. Students here take their learning seriously but don't take themselves too seriously. You will find that there are few if any "hidden agendas" when it comes to collaboration and group work. People are genuinely interested in your personal experiences and look to learn from their peers. Additionally, there's a lot of cool stuff happening at MIT. I don't think this needs much explanation. What's even better is that there's a constant push to commercialize all this cool shit, so the entrepreneurship environment is hopping and there's a lot of seed money to be spent with very low hurdles for grants. About professors, classes and curriculum 1-term core, which will be repetitive for those who have a business undergraduate but overall, a necessary step to get everyone equipped with the same basic toolkit. I can't imagine having to go through a 1-year core when the entire program is only 2 years. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Culture & Student Support Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Best fit at this program: Consulting Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Brand/Ranking Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment November 26, 2016 sbula Joined: Jul 17, 2014 Posts: 1 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 650 700 Q48 V38 MIT Sloan 2nd Year Review REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Sloan (MIT) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program I chose MIT Management Sloan School based on my interest and the school's strength in tech management. I am enrolled in the Enterprise Management Track, which I have found useful in gaining experience tackling real business problems by incorporating what we've learned in class and leveraging our diverse experiences. The program has met my needs, goals, and expectations as I was able to land an internship with a big tech company through MIT Sloan's on-campus recruiting process. Furthermore, the classes I have enrolled in have helped me develop a well-rounded perspective on management, particularly as it relates to technology and innovations in the tech space. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Facilities Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment November 25, 2016 khatia_ch Joined: Aug 08, 2014 Posts: 14 Kudos: 69 Self-reported Score: 720 Q49 V39 Awesome experience at Sloan! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Sloan (MIT) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program There is literally so many things to do, I barely sleep. I am currently working on couple of school project with REAL companies internationally as well as working with different clubs and conferences. People are super humble and smart, a little bit nerdy! We al dream to become entrepreneurs and think about long-term future. We are excited about technology and new trends. We partner closely with other schools and take classes there. Cambridge/Boston is a great location! As you come to Sloan make sure you get involved in as many activities as you possibly can. Meet new people and be open to new ideas. You never know where will Sloan take you. Try to get executive positions in school clubs, organize conferences and take part in case competitions. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Alumni Network Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules