22 Fuqua Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews Fuqua Reviews MBA Program rating [22] (4.7) Submit a review May 31, 2017 kenny537 Joined: Jan 18, 2014 Posts: 17 Kudos: 6 Self-reported Score: 720 Q48 V41 Fuqua Duke - Transformational Experience! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Duke Fuqua Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program By being pushed outside my comfort zone, I felt like I really grow as a person as a result of the experience. I learned not only about the intricacies of business, but more importantly, about people. I would definitely recommend this school for those looking for a small-town college-like experience and are looking at consulting/marketing and/or the healthcare industry. For future applicants, it is HIGHLY encouraged to apply in the early entry round (I do not think I would have been waitlisted had I done this). For waitlisted applicants, try to submit something creative rather than the typical submissions. I definitely think the video I made is the reason I was accepted as a waitlisted applicant. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Brand/Ranking Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Can be improved: Location Facilities Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 3 Post a comment May 31, 2017 JRock1988 Joined: May 31, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 An Experience Molded by Team Fuqua REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@duke.edu [?] This review is for Duke Fuqua Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program At this juncture in my MBA journey, I think I can accurately reflect on my Fuqua experiences over the past year. In terms of achieving my objective of transitioning from a non-profit, Fuqua provided a great opportunity for career switching and advancement. I would expand this perception to other traditional post-MBA career routes available to Fuqua students, as the trail has been well worn by the feet of Fuqua students prior. I would should say, however, that the start-up scene (while big in the Triangle area) requires students to exert a bit more effort and network with companies in either New York or San Francisco. What I would suggest to future applicants is to think carefully about the qualities you prefer in the MBA programs you're to. For some, pursuing an MBA in a big city might be the right option. For others, attending an MBA program known for its tight-knight student body and finely tuned core curriculum might outweigh the benefits of studying in a cultural hub of the world. I couldn't be happier with my decision to attend Fuqua and I appreciate the academic, social, and career benefits it has provided me. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Management Can be improved: Alumni Network Location Read More Helpful 6 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 26, 2017 MrNorrell Joined: Nov 13, 2012 Posts: 3 Kudos: 6 Self-reported Score: 700 Q42 V44 The Best Two Years of My Life REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Duke Fuqua Program Full Time MBA Class of 2015 Experience during the program Deciding to attend Fuqua was far and away the best professional decision I have ever made. From the day I accepted the offer admission, I am happier and more confident and my career has more direction and a steeper trajectory than I ever could have imagined. My goal was a complete transformation of my career: a new industry (tech), new function, and an acceleration away from what I considered a stalled earlier career. Fuqua delivered on all fronts: I gained valuable new skills, grew my network exponentially, and gained the credibility and skills necessary to find myriad opportunities. In addition, I made great new friends, had incredible travel experiences, and had an overall great time. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Tech Management Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Facilities Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 26, 2017 SHS0455 Joined: Sep 17, 2014 Posts: 3 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: Fantastic experience with friendly, smart, and diverse community REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Duke Fuqua Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program The core identity at Fuqua is team and community. I didn't quite believe it until I got there and saw it in action. More than any other MBA program, Fuqua felt friendly and authentic. Classes are challenging but manageable. Really, it's the people that make all the difference and this cohort is humble and down to earth (not typical MBA braggy). People are always willing to help you with schoolwork, job search, etc. A little harder for non-traditional job paths, however. In your applications and interview, but friendly, engaged, and true to yourself (i.e. don't tell a story that you think they want to hear). Loved my experience there -- would go back in a second! About professors, classes and curriculum Fuqua's on a quarter system, so the learning is very fast (like drinking from a fire hose). Be prepared to jump right in the moment you get here. There's not a ton of time for exploration if you want a "traditional MBA" job, i.e. finance or consulting. About job placement process Job search is easier than I anticipated. RDU is a great and cheap airport. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Management Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Facilities Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 25, 2017 bennika Joined: Oct 28, 2010 Posts: 13 Kudos: 7 Self-reported Score: 760 Q49 V44 I love Duke! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Duke Fuqua Program Full Time MBA Class of 2015 Experience during the program Team Fuqua really defines the program, and it permeates everything from course work to recruiting. Even the student government is lead by "co-presidents." This is not a school that would be particularly suitable to introverts. Duke is incredibly social and even Fuqua students meet other Duke graduate and professional students in Durham (double degree students are very common). There is a strong emphasis on academics here, but students take time to enjoy life and the lives of others. Lots of opportunities on campus for service opportunities. You get a great educations with diverse students, amazing career outcomes and--let's not forget--Duke basketball. Go Blue Devils! Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Management Can be improved: Location Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 25, 2017 urimazal Joined: Feb 18, 2013 Posts: 21 Kudos: 3 Self-reported Score: 610 600 700 Q49 V35 Fuqua REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Duke Fuqua Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program I was able to leverage Fuquas alumni network to land on my current position. Alumni network is an amazing asset at Duke. It's in the same line as the student body, extremely collaborative, a unique asset. I suggest you find the best school that matches your needs, instead of just looking at the rankings. Take into consideration the specialization you want to pursue the location, the alumni network, but most important, the culture. You want to spend 2 years of your life in a school that you fit in and you feel comfortable. Finally, when you are looking for a job, look for something that you really want to do, and do not fall under the usual consulting position that everybody wants to get. About professors, classes and curriculum I had the chance to take the Certificate of Academic Excellence in Finance, while doing my MBA. It really sets you apart from the average. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Alumni Network Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Healthcare Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Admissions Team Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Digital Marketing Read More Helpful 5 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 05, 2017 mll7 Joined: Feb 03, 2014 Posts: 2 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 610 Q35 V40 690 Q43 V41 Fuqua: Going outside your comfort zone REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Duke Fuqua Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program The Duke MBA will push you outside your comfort zone, help you grow personally and professionally, and give you experiences you never thought you’d have. When looking at schools don’t just look at academics – the top schools will all be relatively similar – make sure the culture and environment are the right fit for you and your development. Fuqua fits those standards in the following ways: - Team Fuqua isn’t just lip service when it comes to a supportive environment and culture. I experienced multiple cases where my classmates put my needs above theirs to help with academics (1:1 and group tutoring), recruiting (mock interviews, insights into interviews they’d had for the same position), and my personal life (stepping up for projects when family matters took me away from school). - You’re able to gain a broad perspective on the world through the diversity of the student body and the students’ backgrounds, both culturally and professionally. Your classmates genuinely want to share their experiences with you and learn from your experiences. Something that sets Fuqua apart is that it is a place where you help lift each other up so everyone is successful instead of climbing over each other to get to the top. Everyone there truly realizes that we’re better when we work together and are open to learning from each other. - Fuqua has access to the top professors in their field, but what’s even more important is how they all make themselves available to students outside of office hours. They truly want to see their students succeed and be able to apply learnings, not just recite them. Additionally, having small teams for each class helps broaden the learning experience by bringing in multiple opinions from differing backgrounds, simulating the business world where you’ll constantly be working with diverse teams with different opinions, experiences, and personalities. Fuqua wasn’t just a place for me to get my MBA; I’ve formed life-long bonds and changed in ways I never would have if I had gone somewhere else. Be cognizant in your business school search of what a transformational experience should be, and look for the qualities in a program that are going to help you achieve that. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Facilities Read More Helpful 6 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment December 29, 2016 BSchool85 Joined: Apr 23, 2014 Posts: 14 Kudos: 6 Self-reported Score: 750 Q49 V42 Disappointed REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Duke Fuqua Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Fuqua satisfied my goal of opening up new opportunities, but I don't think I've learned that much in two years (or as much as I expected/could have). Fuqua is obsessed with Team Fuqua, which is fine, but it does so at the expense of the intellectual horsepower of their students (emphasizing fit/niceness over intelligence/ability...which is fine, to an extent -- Fuqua goes overboard). Classroom discussion and the student body overall is lacking, in my opinion. Also, for as much as Fuqua enjoys talking about diversity there is little true diversity of thought. You can have perfect racial, sexual, etc diversity, but if there is minimal diversity of thought then what is the point? I do not feel like the intellectual rigor necessary for a real education is possible at a place like this. This lack of actual diversity is fine if you just want to learn accounting principles, but, for a school that likes to say they teach principles beyond business, this is laughable. Having a GMAT average far below schools ranked significantly lower is a joke and will stop Fuqua from ever getting to the level of M7 (you can have personable/nice people without sacrificing intelligence). Fuqua seems to really enjoy taking people with 640 GMATs, giving them full-rides, and patting themselves on the back for "whole person concept"/Team Fuqua, but that doesn't stop the fact that it hurts their current students. About job placement process All the top places come to recruit. Overall BSchool experience (2.0) Schools contribution (2.0) Classmates rating (2.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Investment Banking Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Read More Helpful 8 Not Helpful 14 Post a comment December 01, 2016 mbaduder Joined: Nov 12, 2014 Posts: 4 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 750 Q49 V44 Fuqua second-year energy consultant REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Duke Fuqua Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program I came to Fuqua primarily for the school's strong energy curriculum and have been very pleased with the many learning and networking opportunities both in and outside the classroom. In addition, the school has a lot of support for the big MBA career paths (consulting, banking, tech, marketing, etc.). My suggestion for applicants is that they take time and get to know what makes Fuqua's culture different, particularly the "Team Fuqua" concept. I thought Team Fuqua sounded like a cheesy marketing line when I was applying, but now that I've been here as a student it's very tangible. 90% of classwork is done in teams and during recruiting season classmates will drop everything to help each other out with informational interviews, case prep, and networking. The supportive culture here is very real and a big differentiator for Fuqua. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Culture & Student Support Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Specialization in consulting, healthcare, energy Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Can be improved: Location Brand/Ranking Facilities Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment December 05, 2016 Mo2men You scored 4 in each element so what disadvantages you see in Fuqua mb program?? December 22, 2016 bb Same question on my side - it seems you have rated Fuqua 4 out of 5 stars - was that a mistake or what were the factors contributing to an imperfect score? What could have been better? November 30, 2016 samarthkapila Joined: Mar 18, 2013 Posts: 1 Kudos: 8 Self-reported Score: 740 Q50 V40 Top Culture! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Duke Fuqua Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program Fuqua is a student run school with absolutely great culture augmented by the Team Fuqua spirit . Fuqua has many departments that are fantastic (versus just one rock star department). Class sizes range from 10 - 75 students. Core classes are on the larger end (75) that students complete with their (assigned) section. Specialty courses are typically smaller. The Health Sector Management program is unique to Duke, and not many other programs offer it. Because of that, recruiters come to Fuqua specifically to target these students, because they have clearly demonstrated their commitment to health care. Duke is inward facing of Durham, and creates its own biosphere. While the school actively engages with the community through clubs and organizations and attracts global thought leaders/faculty Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Management Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 3 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules