15 Tuck Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews Tuck Reviews MBA Program rating [15] (4.8) Submit a review December 27, 2020 mariaterezasn Joined: Dec 10, 2017 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Self-reported Score: 660 Q48 V32 Tuck is unique REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Tuck Program Full Time MBA Class of 2022 Experience during the program I choosed Tuck because of its amazing people, does not matter whether a current student or a 10y graduate alumni. I saw that confident humility, empathy, and judgment are values still alive even years after graduation. After starting my MBA I realized that "Tuck Nice" is not something only spoken, is something alive in everyone, from staff to students. Everyone is willing to help during your application process, we are colleagues and want that everyone succeed, even if we are competing by the same position, people still help one another. For me, all of the people I connected with (during applications for BS, during recruiting, etc) were willing to share their stories, listen to yours and glad to help. The strength of the network and the community was for me what made Tuck a very unique school. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Management Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 2 Post a comment December 23, 2020 kingmeri Joined: May 27, 2017 Posts: 13 Kudos: 14 Verified GMAT Classic score: 720 Q49 V41 Excellent School with the Best Alumni Network REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for Tuck Program Full Time MBA Class of 2022 Experience during the program Tuck has the best alumni. I have NEVER had an alumn forget to call me back. The school takes pride in being selective and small. For this reason alumni from Partners at MBB to bankers are willing to take time for a quick chat. The claases are very diverse and are cooperative. Grade non-disclosure encourages students to cooperate instead of compete for career prospects. For this reason, Tuck is the "nice" school. I think the career services center does a great job of bringing companies to campus, the problem is they are sometimes a bit busy to help you case and prepare for your interviews. About job placement process Consulting powerhouse. 10% of the class of 2022 went to work for Bain. Very impressive. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Best fit at this program: Consulting Investment Banking Can be improved: Location Culture & Student Support Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 26, 2017 sjsh Joined: May 18, 2016 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Power in (small) numbers REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@bu.edu [?] This review is for Tuck Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program The small class size at Tuck is a key strength of the program. It allows for more interpersonal communication between classmates and professors and fosters a more personal and curated business school experience. This powerful dynamic extends beyond the classroom, everyone from your administrators to your career counselors know your name and your interests inside and outside the classroom. The ability to travel abroad in small groups of first and second years during our Global Insights Expedition is another unique feature of the Tuck program, and a favorite part of my time at Tuck so far. I highly recommend this program. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Tech Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Location Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 25, 2017 angadgrewal Joined: Jul 13, 2012 Posts: 11 Kudos: 2 Tuck - a truly transformational business school REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Tuck Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Tuck has an incredibly supportive and high caliber student body. The professors are world class and the facilities provided by the school are second to none. The school is really good for students who wish to transition to Consulting or Investment Banking. However, Tuck can do more to provide more opportunities to students interested in entrepreneurship and non-traditional fields. Hanover and the upper valley Is a great place to relocate to for two years, and the whole town has an amazing student town vibe to it. Overall, I think Tuck is a wonderful school but it's not for everyone. Tuck is a school for those who want to build life long friendships and networks, and are willing to happily relocate to a small town in New Hampshire for two years. It definitely isn't for those people who want to go to a school in a big city and who enjoy fancy restaurants and nightlife. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Consulting, General Management, Investment Banking Best fit at this program: Consulting Investment Banking Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 25, 2017 gtgpee Joined: Jan 02, 2014 Posts: 17 Kudos: 6 Self-reported Score: 740 Q49 V42 Tuck 2017 Experience REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Tuck Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Perspective: Previously worked in operations transitioning into consulting. Graduated this year. Goals: Tuck exceeded my expectations enabling me to reach my goals. Consulting recruits heavily on campus, and the bidding system allows people to interview despite not being on a company's "close list". I, myself, was admitted through this process and am grateful for Tuck's bidding policy Suggestions: Do not feel restricted to have only one summer internship. Work with your employers to work for multiple companies during the summer. On campus, there are so many events always going on, think about what is most important to you and focus on that. About professors, classes and curriculum Amazing alumni and faculty engagement. I felt like I built relationships with all my professors About job placement process Estimates: Mckinsey, Bain, and BCG have approximately 200 interview spots combined. For a class of 280, this is remarkable. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Facilities Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 25, 2017 CA88 Joined: Jun 25, 2012 Posts: 127 Kudos: 23 Self-reported Score: 700 Q47 V40 740 Q48 V44 Great! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for Tuck Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program Tuck has been fantastic so far. My classmates are extremely impressive and all very down to earth. Alumni network is strong and basically any alumni you are interested in speaking to will answer your email/phone call. Career services helps facilitate the on campus process and will be available to help with your off campus search as well. There are tons of opportunities available. You will either be a great fit for the culture at Tuck or not. It is really critical to visit the school to see if you’ll like two years in the woods. It’s a very tight knit community. About professors, classes and curriculum Brilliant professors who are not only brilliant but expert communicators/teachers as well. About job placement process Most major consulting firms, banks will come to campus Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Tech Management Can be improved: Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Location Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 25, 2017 enriqueaguilarf Joined: Oct 24, 2012 Posts: 2 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 690 Q48 V36 Life Changing, best 2 years of my life REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Tuck Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program Tuck has taught me many things, but most importantly the sense of community and possibility. By community, I mean understanding that no matter where you are it is important to stick together and never betray your values. I intend to bring this to wherever I go and contribute in any way I can. By possibility, I mean Tuck gave me the security to trust myself and be certain that if I work hard and truly believe in what I do, I will be able to achieve something bigger than myself. One of the most memorable moments of my MBA was when Federico Minoli, former CEO of Ducati, visited our Competitive & Corporate Strategy course. His vision and practical tips on turn-arounds and management completely redefined the way I see the competitive game within business. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Culture & Student Support Facilities Best fit at this program: Consulting Management Can be improved: Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Location Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 25, 2017 leed123 Joined: May 25, 2017 Posts: 2 Kudos: 5 Tuck is well worth the investment! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@dartmouth.edu [?] This review is for Tuck Program Full Time MBA Class of 2015 Experience during the program I spent two amazing years at Tuck and have found both the in-school experience and alumni body exactly as described when I first considered the school. First, Tuck is a special place both for its beautiful location in Hanover, NH and for its world-renowned professors who commit to teaching and research. Granted, the location is not for everyone, but when it comes to recruiting it makes little difference. From the first week, we were consistently bombarded with recruiters from all the top consulting, finance, and tech firms in the country. The strength and reputation of any business school can be judged on this measure. Second, the student body is limited to about 280 in each class. It makes for a more intimate learning environment, and frankly everyone gets to know each other over the course of two years. And how this translates to the classroom, and by extension the working world, is how well Tuck students work in teams and excel in collaboration. Coming out of Tuck, I left with a toolkit of skills and experiences I could not have gotten had I not gone to business school. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Management Can be improved: Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 4 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment November 28, 2016 tuck2016 Joined: Sep 04, 2013 Posts: 2 Kudos: 2 Two wonderful years at Tuck! REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Tuck Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program Before I decided to apply for an MBA, I was a big-four Consultant based in New York City, where I had lived since graduating undergrad in 2010. I decided that consulting was not for me, and was looking for a set trajectory into investment banking. I knew I would be based in NYC after my MBA, so I was keen on finding a unique, immersive experience - far enough from the NYC that I felt like it was a real change, but close enough for IB recruiting to still be feasible. Tuck was the ideal choice for me - Hanover is a bucolic little college town with a tight-knit and vibrant community. I got to know each of my 281 classmates personally, and made many lifelong friendships. Choose Tuck if you want to be thrown into a routine where you depend and work closely with your classmates, if you are into new and unique experiences (hockey?, snowboarding?), if you hope to have your partner to feel welcome as a part of your day to day MBA experience, and if you are keen on engaging in dialogue with some of the best professors in the world. Within three months of starting at Tuck, I had signed an offer with the investment bank of my choice (career services tailors the recruiting process very closely to your own capabilities), and was able to plan the remainder of my time at Tuck to take classes I wouldn't have otherwise, and to travel internationally (10+ countries!). I would advise future applicants to visit the campus beforehand, sit in on classes, and engage with current and former students to learn just how immersive/rewarding their two years can be. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Investment Banking Management Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment November 26, 2016 oakley568 Joined: Feb 06, 2012 Posts: 18 Kudos: 9 Self-reported Score: 680 Q46 V37 Small Class sizes breed the best relationships REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Tuck Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program I came to Tuck knowing that I wanted a small and intimate b-school experience, and that is exactly what I have gotten so far. You get to know your classmates both in and out of the classroom, and you can shape your experience to whatever fits your goals and needs. You definitely have to "want" to come here, being out the middle of nowhere with 280 of your closest friends (560 if you count both classes) so be sure you articulate why Tuck is important to you, since it definitely isn't for everyone. Tuck is also great at connecting prospective students with current ones, and they will do their best job to ensure that your campus visit and interview leave you with the impression that Tuck is all about community and getting to know you. Best advice for applicants: know what it is about Tuck that speaks to you and how you can add value to the class. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Investment Banking Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules