27 Wharton Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews Wharton Reviews MBA Program rating [27] (4.7) Submit a review January 28, 2023 varunsms Joined: Feb 22, 2016 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Verified GMAT Classic score: 710 Q47 V40 Cant' go wrong if you want to make a career in Investing REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for Wharton Program Full Time MBA Class of 2024 Experience during the program The Wharton MBA program has the deepest curriculum I could think off in finance. Moreover, the school provides training and access to all the top wall street courses to help folks from non-finance transition to finance. In terms of visibility from employers, banking, consulting and investing are all hot on recruiting. If you network well with the employer, put in the right effort, and do all your prep thoroughly - I don’t think there's much stopping you from getting your dream job. Obviously, things have been a bit harder this year, but even then, relatively its much stronger than other schools. Overall, I’d say if you want to pivot to banking or investing (PE/HF/Long Only Investing), you have the best resources in terms of clubs and classes to make this happen for you, and have all the top employers you would imagine coming on campus to hire you. For me, the school helped me meet the needs to transition to an investing role (at least for summer) in the US. As a future applicant, I’d say focus on displaying your quantitative aptitude. For what its worth people are very sharp, and you want to showcase yourself to be up there and do enough research to get to know the school and resources. I am six months in and still learning more about Penn and the offerings of the MBA program. Speak to enough people and get a good sense of how you want to spend your time here. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment December 24, 2020 DesireLive Joined: Mar 18, 2014 Posts: 15 Kudos: 26 Verified GMAT Classic score: 740 Q51 V39 Wharton exceeds my expectations on all fronts REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for Wharton Program Full Time MBA Class of 2022 Experience during the program I'm not going to lie, my expectations were low matriculating this year with classes being virtual. I decided to move to Philly despite all classes and clubs being virtual because I wanted to be more connected to the school. It was the best decision ever. Despite classes being online, students have found ways to connect through small group dinners, sitting at a park in a circle, 1:1 coffee chats, and etc. I found that people were much more willing to accept random requests to connect. Sometimes I would cold message someone I have never met on Slack to grab coffee and, 100% of the time, they would accept with enthusiasm. I've also found the students to be very accepting of everyone's personal preferences/differences. I personally don't drink and, given Wharton's reputation for parties, was worried about people pressuring me to drink. Surprisingly, I've never been questioned once for not drinking and, in fact, there are many others who do not drink. The virtual classes are even great. One benefit of being online is that guest speakers do not have to travel to Wharton. This means that there were a lot more guest speakers at our classes. I feel like I got to hear at least one CXOs, Partner at VC funds, lead technology researcher, etc. talk in one of my classes every week. As cliché as it sounds, their perspectives and experiences shattered a lot of assumptions I had on certain topics. Finally, the career support is unparalleled. You simply get access to companies that otherwise wouldn't bat an eye at you. For example, when I first got accepted by Wharton, an EM at MBB and an Associate from a PE fund reached out to me to coffee chat (this is even before I accepted the offer). During the summer, MBB consultants continued to reach out to me to chat and get to know me. It's wild to think these top firms are so excited to get to know me. Moreover, career services provide weekly emails, office hours, interview workshops, and mock case interview support. Pretty much anything that you can think of, it's there. I can't even compare this to the career services available to me at my undergrad institution (because it was non-existent). Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment December 23, 2020 himanshu04 Joined: Feb 26, 2011 Posts: 65 Kudos: 13 Self-reported Score: 710 Q49 V38 Great experience even in COVID times REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for Wharton Program Full Time MBA Class of 2022 Experience during the program Wharton is excellent when it comes to the brand, alumni network, and faculty. I am part of the HCM program and I was pleasantly surprised by the opportunities and connections that the program provides. I knew going in that the network is solid but never could I have ever imagined the true power of the alumni network. You really have to experience it to know the full extent to which it helps. The classes so far have been really great even in COVID times. The school is trying really hard to make the classes engaging given the situation. Definitely very rigorous and quant heavy. Everything is solved analytically in classes. Classmates and the community is real. Even during COVID most of the class is in Philly that helped us bond in a socially distanced manner. I would highly encourage anyone looking at an MBA to apply to Wharton for any career choice. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Location Brand/Ranking Culture & Student Support Facilities Admissions Team Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Tech Management Can be improved: Entrepreneurship resources could be improved Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment December 23, 2020 Cheesybird Joined: Mar 31, 2020 Posts: 10 Kudos: 3 Verified GMAT Classic score: 730 Q47 V42 1st Year Student Wharton MBA Review REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for Wharton Program Full Time MBA Class of 2022 Experience during the program My time so far at Wharton has been enriching from an academic standpoint as I have found the profs very impressive, and most of the course work relevant to my future goals. Additionally, I feel that Wharton has put me in a strong position for recruiting into IB as the structured recruiting process has made connecting with banks and bankers easier than expected. Unfortunately, COVID-19 has made networking with my peers and making friends more challenging than it should be, and the lack of club activity definitely hurts. Hopefully these issues will be cleared up before the start of year 2. About job placement process Strong IB/Consulting recruiting processes Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Student body, diversity Admissions Team Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment September 03, 2018 bhavikagoyal2009 Joined: Apr 29, 2017 Posts: 15 Kudos: 4 Verified GMAT Classic score: 640 Q49 V27 My Journey to Wharton REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by score report [?] This review is for Wharton Program Full Time MBA Class of 2020 Experience during the program I have been admitted to Wharton's Class of 2020. I have been very satisfied with my experience and exposure in the school so far. Wharton has a very dedicated staff working constantly to provide the best student experience. They have a huge focus on 'maximizing Wharton experience' and are committed to achieving this target. I was amazed by the way they have effectively and efficiently managed a class size of 800, ensuring sufficient networking opportunities in both small and large group settings. The school is committed to help you not only get the best professional career path, but grow as an individual. Wharton has an approx. 3 weeks of pre-class program, where the intent is to familiarize the student with the different school resources and work on one's teamwork & leadership skills. This ensured that I had sufficient time to settle down in school, and not feel overwhelmed with the various resources/ opportunities available. Wharton also has its flagship course on 'Teamwork and Leadership' which is specifically focused on teaching managers to build effective teams via a patented simulation analysis. For career services, the school does not allow employeer chats/ session in the first quarter, so that students get sufficient time to prepare. The school has a dedicated career services team which is divided basis the various industries. We can book regular advising sessions with them, and clarify all our doubts over mail as well. They are very responsive. For student life, the school has a club for everything you can possibly imagine. So it's important to be clear with the intent of pursuing a certain activity. In short, I am pleasantly very pleased with Wharton's overall culture. Everyone is very nice, and tries to help each other. The school has a huge focus on teamwork which gets reflected in all the course assignments that we get. One opportunity area could be in terms of student diversity. The school is filled with consultants and bankers. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Tech Can be improved: Student body, diversity Read More Helpful 4 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment May 30, 2017 rb74 Joined: Dec 17, 2012 Posts: 4 Kudos: 1 Self-reported Score: Great Entrepreneurship Program REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Wharton Program Full Time MBA Class of 2015 Experience during the program I started my own company during Wharton and have been working on it full-time since. Wharton prepared me well for all aspects of startup life. I have relied a ton on the Wharton network and have always been amazed by how helpful classmates are. The Philly Entrepreneurship system continues to grow rapidly. Definitely make sure you join both Founder's Club and the Entrepreneurship Club! Courses are also a great way to get free help from brilliant classmates on your startup. In particular, I highly recommend the soft skill courses, such as Influence and Negotiations, which are invaluable. The hard skill courses that stood out include Legal Aspects of Entrepreneurship and Entrepreneurship through Acquisition. Finally, the brand has helped significantly in opening doors for my company. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Facilities Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 28, 2017 rlecav Joined: Jul 23, 2015 Posts: 1 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 710 Q47 V40 Great school for all kinds of people REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@wharton.upenn.edu [?] This review is for Wharton Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program I am extremely happy at Wharton. Philadelphia is a great place to go to school. You get the resources of a city, but on top of that, everyone lives within a mile radius, creating a tight new community. Everyone embraces the “My Wharton” mentality, making the most of what they want of the experience. Whether you want to focus on classes, clubs, social life or family, there is a place and plentiful opportunity for you. The classes, especially the electives, have great content and professors. All of the top consulting firms and investment banks come to Wharton, and the clubs/career services do a great job preparing you for those interviews. I would suggest that anyone serious about a great network and education to consider this school. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Finance Marketing Investment Banking Can be improved: Facilities Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment May 27, 2017 bmcrhino Joined: Jun 27, 2013 Posts: 76 Kudos: 17 Self-reported Score: 740 Wharton - Amazing school, for most people REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for Wharton Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Prior to business school I worked at a hedge fund but knew I wanted to get into management and operations. High priority for me was getting into the best school I could and Wharton was my #1 choice. Why over H/S and others? It came down to people; of all the alumni from the schools I knew, I got along best with Wharton people and my 3 years did not disappoint. I'm getting in, best advice is to find someone with 3 characteristics who can help you: they've been through the MBA process successfully, they know you well, and they are candid. If you don't have someone like that in your life then hit on as many as possible. Do your best and forget the rest! I got an internship and accepted full time with an MBB but had a lot of other unique opportunities in management, startups, and finance. Wharton will be great for 99% of people. The only place it came up a bit short on career oops was in PE and HF, but I believe it would have been the same for all programs given the ad IOC nature of hiring. For anything blue chip, Wharton is great, plus the San Francisco center is an amazing opportunity for those interested in the bay. Biggest complaint is that the classes are run by academics as opposed to practitioners and the classes feel to academic. I wish the curriculum were more practical. Socially, the school does a TON to facilitate friendships and invests a lot in the class. Overall a great program a very happy with my investment and the prospects it is providing me. Overall BSchool experience (4.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Student body, diversity Alumni Network Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Read More Helpful 5 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 27, 2017 lql2 Joined: Nov 06, 2013 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Self-reported Score: 670 Q44 V38 Know what you want before going in REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Wharton Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program After the first year of bschool, I will say that it has been a fun experience. I've met some great people and have been able to travel to some fantastic places, however, career wise, I can't say at this point that it's been worth the tuition. Unless you want to go into finance or consulting, the career options post business school may be a bit disappointing and limited. Industries are not as open to career switchers as bschools make them out to be. If you know exactly what you want to do in two years, then you'll hopefully be able to make the most out of your bschool experience. However, if you're looking to "find yourself" or "explore", I'm not sure you'll be able to do so in the limited amount of time/worth the amount you're paying. Overall BSchool experience (2.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (3.0) Strengths of the program: Location Brand/Ranking Facilities Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Investment Banking Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Read More Helpful 8 Not Helpful 4 Post a comment May 26, 2017 horsehide Joined: Nov 21, 2012 Posts: 29 Kudos: 19 Self-reported Score: 750 The Lauder program makes Wharton worth it REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Wharton Program MBA/MA Lauder Joint-Degree Class of 2016 Experience during the program Without the Lauder program, I wouldn't have gone to Wharton. With its small group size (~70 students) and amazing international programming, it was an incredible academic, social, and personal experience. As a somewhat introverted person, the huge class size of Wharton was intimidating. Having a solid base of friends and contacts through Lauder made navigating Wharton much easier. One thing that pleasantly surprised me about Wharton was the lack of competition among students in classes. Thanks to the grade non-disclosure policy, I found my classmates very willing to help one another. Another huge selling point on Wharton for me is the breadth of the alumni network. While many schools have huge regional concentrations of alumni, Wharton has pretty even global coverage, with obvious hubs in NYC and SF. About professors, classes and curriculum If I could change anything about Wharton, it would be the classroom technology policy. I wish Wharton would adopt a full-blown, accross-the-board technology ban in class as is done at HBS. The quality of class participation suffered significantly due to students working on laptops, phones, and tablets during class. It was very distracting. and a shame given the investment we all made to be there. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (4.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Consulting Finance Marketing Investment Banking Management Can be improved: Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Admissions Team Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 3 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules