46 Anderson Reviews from Current MBA Students | GMAT Club gmatclub FORUMS GMAT MBA RESOURCES MASTERS --> DEALS REVIEWS MARKETPLACE --> MBA&nbsp;SPOTLIGHT --> CHAT All Forums Index Start a New Discussion General GMAT Questions Quantitative PS Verbal CR RC Data Insights DS G&amp;T MSR TPA Ask GMAT Experts Share GMAT Experience All Business School Discussions BSchool Application Questions Admitted - Which School to Choose? Profile Evaluations by Experts Student Loans &amp; Financing Master's Programs (MiM, MFin, MSc) PhD in Business GRE Forums General GRE Discussions Tech Support Downloads Blog GMAT Practice Tests Forum Quiz Free Question Banks Diagnostic Mini-Quiz Question of the Day Error Log Study Plan Business School Hub Request Profile Evaluation Decision Tracker Interview Release Schedule Interview Debriefs Ask Admissions Consultants MBA Scholarship - $10K fund GMAT GMAT Score Calculator Study Plan Math Book Flashcards Practice Tests Overview Timing Strategies MBA MBA Rankings 2025 - 2026 Deadlines All Application Fee Waivers Interview Release Dates Average GMAT Focus Scores School Stats Waitlists Scholarships &amp; Negotiation Best MBA for Consulting, Finance, Tech MBA ROI Calculator MBA Programs Tuck (Dartmouth) Yale SOM Kenan-Flagler (UNC) Kelley (IU) Harvard Kellogg (Northwestern) Wharton (Upenn) Booth (Chicago) Sloan (MIT) Stanford Fuqua (Duke) ISB INSEAD Goizueta (Emory) UC Riverside NTU CBS (Columbia) Haas (Berkeley) Ross (Michigan) Anderson (UCLA) Darden (UVA) Stern (NYU) LBS Johnson (Cornell) See All --> --> --> --> All Masters Program Discussions --> MS Applicant Profiles - 2021 --> Success Stories of MS Admits --> Scholarships & Grants for Masters Students: Your 2022 Calendar --> Masters Program Rankings 2020 --> Admission Deadlines (by School) --> Masters VISA Discussion --> Masters Profile Evaluations - Submit a Free Profile Evaluation Request --> Master in Management --> Master in Finance --> --> --> --> --> GMAT Marketplace - Compare all GMAT Deals e-GMAT - Save up to $525 Magoosh - Save up to $215 Manhattan Prep - Save up to $225 Target Test Prep - Save up to $599 GMATWhiz - Save up to $725 Experts' Global - Save up to $418 GMAT Tutoring Deals Compare All &nbsp; $500 Prodigy Loan Cashback ADMISSION CONSULTING Admissionado ApplicantLab Gatehouse Admissions mbaMission Square One Prep Stratus Admissions Counseling Admit Expert Amerasia ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting ARLee Consulting Avanti Prep Embark MBA Experts' Global Fortuna Admissions Compare All Leland MBA Admit MBA and Beyond MBA Prep School Menlo Coaching OnCourse Vantage Personal MBA Coach Prep MBA Sia Admissions Stacy Blackman Consulting The Red Pen UniAdvise Vantage Point MBA Vikram Shah Consulting Compare All STUDENT LOANS Prodigy Finance Juno Financing Earnest Financing RECRUITING MBA HeadStart --> --> --> FREE --> --> Get--> GMAT Club Tests Free --> --> --> --> See All Verified &amp; Authentic Reviews &nbsp; GMAT COURSE REVIEWS e-GMAT Reviews Magoosh Reviews Manhattan Prep Reviews Target Test Prep Reviews Experts' Global Reviews GMATWhiz Reviews GMAT Tutors' Reviews See All &nbsp; Student Loan Reviews Admissions Consulting Reviews Admissionado Reviews ApplicantLab Reviews Gatehouse Reviews mbaMission Reviews Square One Prep Reviews Stratus Admissions Reviews Admit Expert Reviews Amerasia Reviews ARINGO MBA Admissions Consulting Reviews ARLee Consulting Reviews Avanti Prep Reviews Embark MBA Reviews Experts' Global Reviews Fortuna Admissions Reviews Leland Reviews MBA Admit Reviews MBA and Beyond Reviews MBA Prep School Reviews Menlo Coaching Reviews OnCourse Vantage Reviews Personal MBA Coach Reviews Prep MBA Reviews The Red Pen Reviews Sia Admissions Reviews Stacy Blackman Consulting Reviews UniAdvise Reviews Vantage Point MBA Reviews Vikram Shah Consulting Reviews See All Business School Reviews HBS Reviews Wharton Reviews Stanford GSB Reviews Kellogg Reviews Booth Reviews Sloan Reviews ISB Reviews INSEAD Reviews Columbia Reviews Yale Reviews LBS Reviews Fuqua Reviews Ross Reviews Anderson Reviews See All Latest GMAT & MBA Sales GMAT Courses GMAT Club Tests GMAT Club Forum Quiz Admissions Consulting Free Stuff Practice Tests GMAT Tutoring Mobile Apps MBA Guides Student Loans Free GMAT Club Tests with a Course Purchase GMAT Courses starting at $50 Which Course is right for you? Admissions Consulting Packages from $750 --> MAIN CHATROOM - General GMAT Chat - GMAT Questions Chat - Manage WhatsApp Connection - MBA Applicant WhatsApp Group - GMAT Prep WhatsApp Group - More GMAT &amp; MBA Chatrooms - - - YouTube Live Sessions - - - Mon 11/18 (9:30am ET): MBA vs MiM - Key Differences, ROI, and Career Paths Tue 11/19 (10:30am ET): From 555 to 715: A GMAT Success Story of a Non-Native Speaker Wed 11/20 (10:30am ET): MBA in US vs Europe vs Asia – Benefits, ROI, and Career Outcomes - - - Trending on YouTube - - - Top 50 BSchools - Salaries & GMAT Scores GMAT Ninja Study Plan - Achieve your GMAT Target in 200 Hours --> --> Sign In Join now --> GMAT Club FORUM Private Messages Question Banks GMAT PRACTICE TESTS FORUM QUIZ DEALS --> DECISION TRACKER SCHOOLS --> School Hub Anderson Booth Carlson Columbia Cox (SMU) Darden Foster Fuqua Goizueta Haas Harvard HEC Paris IESE IIM Ahmedabad IIM Bangalore IIM Calcutta INSEAD ISB Johnson (Cornell) Jones Rice Judge Cambridge Kelley Kellogg Kenan-Flagler LBS Marshall (USC) McCombs McDonough Mendoza Merage NUS Singapore Olin St. Louis Owen Vanderbilt Ross (Michigan) Rotman Said Scheller Schulich Simon Sloan MIT Stanford GSB Stern Tepper Terry Georgia Tuck UCR Business W.P. Carey Wharton Yale REVIEWS EVENTS MARKETPLACE ADMISSIONS --> SCHOOLS --> CHAT BLOG REWARDS T&amp;C and Privacy Policy BLOG --> GMAT Club Rules Log In or continue with Sign in with Google Sign in with Apple or Create Account By continuing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Register ${glob_var/L_LOGIN_LOGOUT} --> Close Close REAL & VERIFIED REVIEWS BY GMAT CLUB MEMBERS Home GMAT Course Reviews Admissions Consultant Reviews Bschool Reviews Other Reviews Anderson Reviews MBA Program rating [46] (4.6) Submit a review March 10, 2026 RaghavSapra Joined: Feb 24, 2023 Posts: 5 Kudos: 0 Self-reported Score: 230 Q58 V49 Decent REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Anderson (UCLA) Program FEMBA Class of 2027 Experience during the program The program was decent, it was as expected as you can from an M20 MBA college, due to the recent restrucutruing of the economy, there are a lot less jobs avaulable, but the school still did it best to provide as many opportunities, so not reallt heur fgailt, but it was decent enough to be considered as an option if one cannot get into the better colleges where the college might be able to provide the opportuitnity in a way which is way fairer, but other than that, it is a really good programme, maybe if the student bodyw as a little more serious, it could have been way better, but yes, stiull for what is epxetced a pretty decent programme , i have personally no complaints frmo it, okease just gimmem the points tatt his ooint Overall BSchool experience (3.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (4.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Can be improved: Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment February 25, 2021 Arashia Joined: Feb 25, 2021 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 One true review REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@anderson.ucla.edu [?] This review is for Anderson (UCLA) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2021 Experience during the program Whatever you have been hoping for from your MBA experience, I suggest to rethink it. I know I am an outlier with such a review in the sea of positive reviews, but keep in mind that people who write reviews are mostly current students, who don't want to "take out the dirty laundry" out in the open and that way risk tarnishing Anderson's name, while also jeopardizing their already-not-the-best employment opportunities. However, a widely known secret is that most students are very disappointed by both Anderson and their MBA experience. Where do I start. 1. Academics. Professors who teach at Anderson are overpaid lazy scholars with tenure, who don't care neither about teaching not students, OR self-absorbent retired "ex-big shots", who only come to classes to boast about their glorious past career days, rather than actually teach you something. Classes are badly organized and students are graded without any clarity into the grading criteria, as lecturers can do whatever they want. They treat students with arrogance and are often extremely rude, often to the point of racism, nationalism and sexism. Students continuously complain, but the administration is keeping it all hush-hush. The school doesn't want to do anything about it unless there's an uproar from many - and during my two years at Anderson we already had a NUMBER of those, which also speaks volumes about the school. 2. Culture. You've heard about Anderson's oh so special culture, where everyone is nice and helpful? Yes. Everyone is nice to your face, while there's the same competition as everywhere else behind your back. Just like the rest of LA, Anderson's culture is based on fakeness, that is, everyone is fake nice, fake caring, fake friendly, however, in reality, everyone is still competitive and they mostly care to get ahead. People are afraid to be themselves and to speak up, because there's this constant "networking" going on, just in case the newly met person may be useful to them in the future, so a big part of the culture is also focused on "keeping face." Certain hobbies or interests are viewed with contempt, while some others - glorified, and if you're a more unique/different person, you will likely have to face a lot of polite cold smiles during conversations. 3. Jobs and career opportunities. The most important one. Well, if you're an international student - you have to carefully consider going back home after graduation. What Anderson's promotional materials won't tell you, is that international students can apply to only 1 job out of 5 because of visa restrictions, and even for that 1 role that does offer visas, they will be competing against domestic students, whom most companies prefer. So do your homework before committing to a debt that may take a lifetime to pay back. IF you are a woman and want to go into investment banking - be prepared to face a lot of gender discrimination even during interviews. If you view Anderson as your way to get into tech, think again, as Microsofts, Googles and Facebooks will only hire people with engineering degree OR past IT experience. You dream about getting into consulting? Possible, but get ready for grueling work practicing interviews, and keep in mind that the MBB hires maybe 1-2 students from Andersonites, since they prefer Ross, Kellogg and other top schools. 4. Money. Be prepared to find yourself in a culture that expects you to already live like you're making a 6-figure salary. The main entertainment your classmates will enjoy will be eating out (which in LA can rack up quite a bill), while professors will expect you to fork out anything from $30 to $150 for each class. Add this to ski trips, beach trips and Vegas trip, all of which involve above-average priced packages, since the students who organize them don't even bother to get the best deals, and you have yourself a lifestyle that will push that debt even further up. What about positives? There must be something great about Anderson? Yes. The weather, the ocean, and Chris Weber. The only recruitment advisor who has any connection with what's going on in the world. Also, there is a chance to get a better job than the one you had, if you hustle - even if it will not be with your ideal company and it may not pay as much as you want right away. Sadly, that's it. While this review is harsh, what I would also like to point out that this is not just Anderson. Very likely you will find the same situation in other b-schools, even top ones. This is just how MBA life is, which I wish I knew before applying and starting school. So consider this decision wisely and be prepared for less that amazing experience. Overall BSchool experience (1.0) Schools contribution (3.0) Classmates rating (1.0) Strengths of the program: Location Brand/Ranking Best fit at this program: Marketing Tech Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Culture & Student Support Admissions Team Specialization in a particular area (e.g. Finance, Consulting, Healthcare, etc) Read More Helpful 13 Not Helpful 5 Post a comment February 05, 2018 BenK100 Joined: Feb 05, 2018 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Great Culture REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@anderson.ucla.edu [?] This review is for Anderson (UCLA) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program Every school says they have a great culture, and I’m sure they all have unique cultures and they’re great in some senses, but UCLA just fit me unlike any other. It was a casual place where everyone was incredibly friendly, always willing to help, and it just had the feel of a community, so that really helped. I knew I was going to be going in for two years of intense work, so I wanted to make sure I would enjoy everything else around me while I was there. And UCLA definitely beat those expectations. Finally, the Parker Career Management Center helped a lot. Each individual student is assigned a career counselor or career advisor based on the field they want to go into. If you want to switch, you can formally, but there’s also a lot of just informal talking with different career counselors and advisors throughout the process. I had started with one, Amanda Durant, who worked mainly with students wanting to go into consulting or strategy-type roles. And she knew what she was talking about. She was strict; she demanded a lot of work. The mock interviews you had with her were more frightening than actual interviews with a lot of companies. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Location Facilities Best fit at this program: Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 3 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment December 18, 2024 isabella05031991 Our platform guarantees a smooth experience that streamlines communication and saves you time, whether you're sending automated transactional SMS or personalized promotional messages.The secret to efficiency in the fast-paced commercial world is automation. By automating your transactional messages and SMS marketing campaigns, RAT SMS allows you to save time while maintaining timely and consistent communication. With our Bulk SMS services, you can automate repetitive tasks like product launches, follow-up reminders, and post-purchase offers. https://www.ratsms.com/bulk-sms-service-provider #BulkSMS #BulkSMSServices #SMSMarketing #TextMessaging #PromotionalMessages #TransactionalSMS February 05, 2018 FernandoD Joined: Feb 03, 2018 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Anderson is a no brainer REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@ad.ucla.edu [?] This review is for Anderson (UCLA) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program One of the top two/three business schools on the West coast and a "top 10" in the country - yet still underrated. Beautiful facilities, great architecture, top students, and passionate faculty. Having attended this school I can attest that the exit opportunities are equal to any other business school in the U.S. or the world - I've seen it first hand. Alumni are EVERYWHERE with respect to both location and business sector. Anderson is one of the few truly well rounded business schools, which can be viewed as both a blessing or a curse but it's more the former than the latter. This is not a "consulting" or "finance" or "tech" school, it's truly all three. I can count on one hand how many other top business school can honestly say the same. When you add on additional perks like great weather, proximity to the mountains and the ocean, and a fantastic cohort of students - attending Anderson is a no brainer. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Location Culture & Student Support Admissions Team Best fit at this program: Finance Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Student body, diversity Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment February 01, 2018 Qazq Joined: Feb 01, 2018 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Amazing BSchool In West Coast REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@g.ucla.edu [?] This review is for Anderson (UCLA) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program Enrolling to Anderson was the best business decision I ever made. I joined Anderson in 2016. At the time, I had barely made any money in my business and I was scared that I won't be able to pay the debt in the future but the university really help you in your financials. Anderson filled in my major knowledge gaps and helped me understand all of the components required to market my business and earn a great living doing work I loved. It was exactly what I needed, exactly when I needed it, and I’m forever grateful for how the program helped me. I believe this program is, hands down, the best self-paced, DIY (do-it-yourself), online business training program out there. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Location Best fit at this program: Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Brand/Ranking Facilities Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 31, 2018 Fgfd Joined: Jan 30, 2018 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Excellent School in the best Location REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@anderson.ucla.edu [?] This review is for Anderson (UCLA) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2018 Experience during the program Amazing school and amazing environment. The professors are really cool and they have really good CV. The location, LA, wow… the best you can find in the whole US. The student body. Very capable guys with really cool background, perfect if you are looking for a safe and diverse environment. In terms of recruiting and alumni network, best in class over California. The recruiting service of the school is the best one all over the US. Finally, if you want to be an entrepreneur, Anderson is the exact place you should be. A lot of money in fellowships to start your own company and really good advisors. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Alumni Network Location Best fit at this program: Finance Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Student body, diversity Career opportunities provided by school Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 1 Post a comment January 30, 2018 psoto Joined: Feb 14, 2014 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Self-reported Score: Great School, Great Jobs, Great Location REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Anderson (UCLA) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program UCLA Anderson is great school and will make your crazy MBA years an amazing experience. Having one of the best Career Center in US makes a huge difference. The whole team will be there to guide you, support and coach you. Their dedication to understand what you want to do and how to work your way to get it is the best. It definitely make my experience a nice path that could have been a roller-coaster. The atmosphere that you will see at UCLA Anderson lives by their values. Share Success is not just in a piece of paper, you will really feel it. Classmates will always help you, professors will be involved and coaches will be with you all the way. Lastly, I must say that although I left location out of the decision process, it is something I learned to value and appreciate. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Culture & Student Support Career Center Best fit at this program: Consulting Marketing Tech Entrepreneurship Management Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 1 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 30, 2018 ramonvergara Joined: Jan 30, 2018 Posts: 1 Kudos: 0 Outstanding Career Center and Opportunities REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED ****@anderson.ucla.edu [?] This review is for Anderson (UCLA) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program The support from the career center far exceeded my expectations. They go the extra mile to help students as much as possible. There are great opportunities outside the classroom such as speakers, events, and clubs to gain exposure to a diverse set of executives, entrepreneurs, and industries. The Los Angeles tech/startup ecosystem has developed significantly over the last several years and provides great internship and job opportunities. UCLA Anderson is well connected with the ecosystem and also has outstanding relationships in media, entertainment, and sports. The student culture is very strong. It is collaborative and very supportive in recruiting. The Southern California weather is amazing. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Alumni Network Career opportunities provided by school Location Best fit at this program: Consulting Investment Banking Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment January 28, 2018 bob44 Joined: Aug 25, 2013 Posts: 1 Kudos: 5 Self-reported Score: 690 Q50 V34 A life-changing experience REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by membership [?] This review is for Anderson (UCLA) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2017 Experience during the program Located in California, Anderson ripes the same benefits of other BSchools located in the Bay Area; that is, in case you’re looking for a career in Tech. Many alumni have landed jobs in big companies in Seattle and San Jose, and the reason is not only due to its location, but also the strength of its curriculum and its alumni network, which IMO sets apart from other BSchools. In this regard, Anderson’s community is very tight but without losing the healthy competition amongst students. For students with families, I think there are few schools that offer such a great place to live. The university village is amazing, located just 15 minutes away from school (and the beach), is a good place to mingle with your peers and has all the amenities you’d expect from a top school: free maintenance, pool, basketball and tennis court, study rooms, and so forth. The curriculum met my expectations, although I’d skip some of the core (mandatory) classes. There plenty of electives you can choose from and many extra-curricular activities you can enroll voluntarily (sports clubs, entrepreneur mentoring programs, etc) Overall, I’m very satisfied by the education I received at Anderson and the impact it had on my career. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Career opportunities provided by school Location Best fit at this program: Marketing Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Brand/Ranking Read More Helpful 0 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment May 30, 2017 MBAreapplicant84 Joined: Jan 11, 2013 Posts: 159 Kudos: 127 Self-reported Score: 710 Q47 V40 Anderson played a vital role in helping me switch careers REVIEWER IDENTITY VERIFIED by post count [?] This review is for Anderson (UCLA) Program Full Time MBA Class of 2016 Experience during the program It’s difficult for me to successfully depict my experience at UCLA Anderson in such a limited space, but I will do my best. For me, Anderson was a place where I met amazing people, pushed myself intellectually, and ultimately transformed myself professionally and personally. Academics The academic experience overall was great! I’ll be the first to admit that I didn’t love all my classes or professors, but on the whole, I found myself learning and challenging my own understanding of business on a daily basis. One of the things I loved most about the academic side of Anderson was the diversity of learning experiences and methods I was exposed to. It wasn’t all cases or just lectures. It was a nice balance of those two, plus a healthy amount of experiential learning. Not only were the majority of the professors solid, we also got some amazing guest speakers—Alex Rodriguez, the President of Adidas North America, one of the founding members of CAA, David Aaker, Al Michaels, and Jessica Alba just to name a few. People One of the main reasons why I decided to attend Anderson was the people. During the application process, Anderson was the only school where 100 percent of the people I reached out to actually got back to me. Those I spoke with were sharp and really knew their stuff. However, the thing that won me over was how noticeably happy they all were. Needless to say, I came into the program with high expectations for my peers. I was not disappointed in the slightest. Not only was I surrounded by incredibly accomplished and intelligent individuals, they were also down-to-earth and approachable. During my two years at Anderson, I made some of the best friends I will probably ever have. Simply put, the student culture at the school was amazing! Career Although there are many other positive aspects of my Anderson experience, the last one I will mention here is career. The Career Services Center at Anderson is second to none. I would put them up against any other school’s career center. The people I worked with not only wanted to help me get a job, they were invested in helping me better understand myself, my motivations, and my skills so that I could land the right job. I spent many hours with my advisors researching jobs, identifying target companies, prepping for interviews, etc. Without all of that, I wouldn’t be where I am today. Another big asset of Anderson on the career front is the location of the school. The business community in LA is thriving and the opportunities to work within that community to gain real experiences during school are endless. Not only did I do a full-time summer internship, I also did three part-time internships during the school year that enabled me to make the dramatic career shift that I did—operations at Goldman Sachs to marketing at Microsoft. In the end, the 21-month experience cost me over $100,000, but I wouldn’t trade it for anything. The experiences I had, the friends I made, and the opportunities that have been opened up for me wouldn’t have been possible if I hadn’t gone to Anderson. Overall BSchool experience (5.0) Schools contribution (5.0) Classmates rating (5.0) Strengths of the program: Career opportunities provided by school Location Culture & Student Support Best fit at this program: Marketing Tech Entrepreneurship Can be improved: Curriculum, Classes, Professors Facilities Read More Helpful 2 Not Helpful 0 Post a comment &nbsp;&nbsp; 1 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 3 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 4 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 5 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next Please sign up or login Back to Top FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Contact us: Support Advertise Get our app: App Store Play Store GMAT WhatsApp Community MBA WhatsApp Community Copyright © 2025 GMAT Club GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules FORUMS GMAT PRACTICE TESTS MBA ABOUT GMAT CLUB REVIEWS Get our application on: App Store Play Store Follow us on: Contact us: Support Advertise Copyright © 2026 GMAT Club Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules GMAT&nbsp;® is a registered trademark of the Graduate Management Admission Council ™ GMAT Club's website has not been reviewed or endorsed by GMAC&nbsp;® Terms &amp; Conditions Forum Rules